11 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 11 of 79 
Gas Test - For Hot Work: 
A signed statement on PTW by an authorized Gas Tester experienced in gas monitoring, that a gas 
test has been taken for the presence of flammable vapors/toxic gases within a specified location and 
that the concentration shows a nil LEL response. 
Gas Test for Confined Space:  
A signed statement by an Authorized Gas Tester for/toxic gases, flammable gases and oxygen tests 
have been taken within the confined space to be entered. Prior to entering a confined space (without 
the assistance of long line breathing apparatus) the toxic gas vapors shall show nil,  LEL - below 5%  
and oxygen concentration shall be between 19.5 and 23.5 % by volume. The frequency of testing shall 
be specified and the certificate re-signed after each test. 
Hazard: -  
The potential a substance, activity, event, process or energy source has, to impair the health or well-
being of a person or the environment. 
Risk: -  
The probability that a hazard may fulfill its potential. 
Lower Explosive Limit (LEL):-  
The concentration of flammable gas, vapor or mist in air below which an explosive gas atmosphere 
will not be formed. 
1. PURPOSE: 
The purpose of this procedure is to provide clarity and helps in  
• Aligning the requirement for PTW process with Corporate Standard and other Statutory Requirement.  
• To provide a guideline for completing permit to work (PTW) perfectly. 
• To provide guideline for uniform understanding about PTW & its compliance. 
2. SCOPE: 
This Procedure is applicable to all non-routine jobs that are carried out in the premises of M/s Gujarat 
Fluorochemicals Limited at Dahej site. 
3. PROCEDURE: 
3.1 Preparation of Permit Matrix and training records: 
Every Plant HOD has to prepare the Permit Matrix and keep training records (both Format in annexure) 
of all eligible Permit Issuers, Acceptors, Approvers, Gas Testers. Eligibility criteria for all these functions 
is elaborated in respective sections. Keep it readily available (preferably displayed in the control 
room/field room).  
3.2 Identification of jobs which require PTW 
Every Plant has to prepare a list of all routine and non-routine activities. Clearly specify which activity 
require a permit and which do not. Ensure that the activities list is available in the control room in 
both soft or hard copy formats. (Activity list to be prepare as per format given in annexure- Routine 

