12 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 12 of 79 
and non-routine activities) Jobs, routinely carried out following an approved SOP , do not require the 
permit and non-routine jobs required the permit. 
 
Note:  
Generally, routine jobs do not require permit, however, few high-risk potential jobs (like tanker loading 
/unloading require a PTW. Respective HOD has to identify such jobs which require a permit. 
 
3.3 Listing out the Specific PPEs Requirement.  
List PPE Required for handling the chemicals used in the plant. Ensure that the necessary PPE is 
readily available whenever needed. 
Every Plant has to prepare a list of specific PPEs required for their plant based on the activities 
carried out and chemicals being handled.  
3.4 Job planning and Identification of Jobs to be carried out 
A job planning meeting is to be carried out every day evening in every plant. Operations and 
maintenance team has to decide the jobs for the next day, jointly. Few of the criterion for the job 
selection, for the next day, could be urgency of the job- impact on the safety, availability of 
manpower, spares etc. 
 
Note: Emergency Jobs can be started without Permit and can be regularized after emergency handling. 
(Emergency e.g Chlorine leakage, Fire, chemical leakage etc....)  
 
3.5 Preparation of JSA  
Team of permit issuer, acceptor & Contractor Supervisor jointly visit the job site and prepare the 
JSA (Format No HSE/SAF/F/05). Permit Issuer & Acceptor to write the JSA. 
• Sequence of basic job steps - list-down the activities/sub-activities. 
• Potential Hazard - Identify potential hazards associated with all listed activities. 
• Risk - Identity the risk associated with all the activities. 
• Safeguard/Control - Suggest the control measure to mitigate/Control potential hazards. 
• Assign responsibility for each suggested control measure.  
• The JSA team should sign the document upon completion. 
        Note:  
1. Refer JSA site procedure & CORPORATE HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARD - GFL/COR/EHSS 
2002.00-2. 
2. Hazard identified in JSA and suggested control measures should align with the PTW 
section E. 

