13 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 13 of 79 
   3.6 Completion of PTW Format 
                Section wise details are given below: 
Section A: Type of Work Permit 
Tick the appropriate type of work permit based on nature of job. 
Section B: Job Details  
Specify - Plant/Unit, Area/location, SAP Notification Number, Equipment Name with tag 
number, Job description. Provide details of Job execution agency, Executing department and 
number of person/s at work. 
Section C: Nature of Work  
Specify the nature of Work. 
Section D: Tool and Equipment to be used  
Specify the tools/equipment required to carry out the work. 
Section E: Hazard Consideration  
Specify hazards considered in JSA sheet for the job. 
Section F:  Job and Equipment Preparation.  
Specify the compliance ensured to execute the job. 
Section G: PPEs and Fire Protection 
Specify the job specific PPE’s required. (Refer SDS for selection of PPEs for chemicals being 
involved with the job). Specify appropriate fire protection if required. 
Section H: Isolation. 
1) Electrical Isolation 
Refer electrical LOTO procedure.  
Note: Electrical isolation key must be kept with executing agency. 
2) Other Isolation 
Process Isolation: Ensure the system is free from hazardous material, pressure etc. 
• Depressurized the system by suitably draining/venting of process material in 
a safe manner.  
• Wash/de-contaminate the system. 
• Positive isolation (blinding), locking & tagging 
Mechanical Isolation 
• Locking of rotating parts by clamping/chain etc. 
• Draining of other energy sources such as depressurization, hydraulic, kinetic 
energy prior to locking. 
• Ensure the mechanical isolation is done (For positive isolation standard tail 
blind to be used/Double block & bleed. OR remove the connected line) and th e 
permit is signed by the person isolated the system. 

