14 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 14 of 79 
Section I: GAS Test: Accepted value of gas testing result. 
 
General Guidelines for Gas Tester: 
i. Authorized Gas Tester: Gas testing is to be done by an authorized gas tester 
(trained, approved and listed in the Permit Matrix). 
ii. Equipment Checking : Ensure that the gas detection equipment/instrument is 
calibrated and suitable for detecting the specific gases that may be present. It is 
suggested to read OEM/manual/ brochure for gas testing equipment. 
iii. Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) : Wear appropriate PPE, such as gloves, 
safety glasses, and a gas mask if necessary. 
iv. Area Inspection : Inspect the area wher e the hot work will be performed to 
identify potential sources of gas. 
v. Gas Detector Setup: Turn on the gas detector as per manufacturer's instructions. 
vi. Baseline Reading: Take a baseline reading in a safe area to ensure the detector 
is functioning correctly. 
vii. Test at Different Levels: Conduct the gas test at various levels (e.g., ground level, 
mid-level, and high level) to detect any stratified gases. 
viii. Wherever forced ventilation is used, gas test should be carried out after 
minimum 10 min of stopping the educator/fan/blower.  
ix. Gas testing in confined spaces must be revalidated before reentry if there has 
been a break of more than one hour. 
x. If there is any abnormality found the work must be stopped immediately and 
inform the permit issuer and responsible person.  
Frequency of Gas testing: 
    For Hot Work: 
Gas testing shall be carried out at least once every 2 hours within 15 M of the work site 
by the authorized gas tester if hot work is at close proximity of area where there is 
potential fire and/or explosion risk.  
 
 
Allowable limit for gases 
Oxygen Toxic Gases Flammable Gases 
19.5% to 23.5 % Zero Zero 

