16 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 16 of 79 
* Defined chemicals with hazards 
Section N 
Following sequence must be followed for permit closing/ cancellation. 
Sequence of permit closing: (1 means 1stsinging person 2 means 2nd signing person and so on.) 
 
Type of Permit Cold 
Work 
Hot 
Work 
Confined 
Space Excavation Rigging job Work at 
Height 
Line 
Breaking Radiography 
Hydraulic/
Pneumatic 
System 
Permit 
Acceptor 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Area 
Operator 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 
Permit 
Issuer 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 
Power 
Restored 4 4 4 4 NA NA 4 4 NA 
 
• When the work is complete, all copies of the permit should be reunited at the issuing 
point.  
• The Permit Issuer or his delegate and the Permit Holder should then inspect the work site 
and jointly confirm that they are satisfied that the work has been compl eted as intended 
and the worksite has been left in a safe and tidy condition. Only then the Permit Issuer 
should sign off the permit. 
• After completion of jobs executing department to give isolation key to permit issuer. After 
conformation all the required jobs are done permit issuer will call electrical department 
to energize the equipment. 
• In case of any trial required after electrical energization permit issuer, permit acceptor and 
electrical person must be present and do trial checkup.  
Note: Anyone can stop working on site if the job execution is violating agreed permit 
conditions. Reason to stop the work or closure must be written on permit. 
3.7  Permits are not applicable for the following areas / activities: 
• Resetting of electrical trips and alarms. 
• Routine work like Tanker loading and unloading (connection / disconnection) and any 
other routine activities which are done by qualified trained persons as per SOP, very 
frequently. 
• Truck loading unloading /Scrap loading unloading. 
• Conditional monitoring of running equipment’s by CES Department personnel as they 
have defined SOP. 
• Identified and approved by Unit Head/Deputy Unit Head as non-permit area/job. 

