19 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 19 of 79 
• On Sunday, only essential job will be done with prior permission. Issuing and 
approval authorities will be as per safety districts. 
3.9.2 Specific Locations and Responsibility: 
For hot work activity at contractor’s shed near CPP- South, CaCl2- East, central work shop: 
3.9.2.1 Permit issuer: Mechanical Engineer from Central Engineering. 
3.9.2.2 Permit Approver: HOD of Central Engineering. 
3.9.2.3  Permit Receiver: Contractor Supervisor/other Mechanical Engineer. (Note: He/ She 
must not be issuer)  
3.10 PTW rule for operating equipment in other area. 
At Dahej site, there are some Safety Districts in which a part of the area is being operated /used 
by other departments/district owners. In such cases, following clarification is to be used. 
3.10.1 Issue of Permit to be done by user. 
3.10.2 Maintenance and preventive maintenance to be done by user maintenance team.  
For Example: -1) PFA MMT location in PTFE: Issuer PFA team & Receiver PFA Maintenance 
team.  
1) TFE 1 Electrical Transformer: Issuer Electrical Engineer & receiver Maintenance electrical 
team. 
2) AHU location in PTPTFE plant: Issuer Utility Engineer & Maintenance Utility Mechanical 
Team. 
 
Note: All such permit must be counter sign by safety district owner/area issuer.  
 
3.11 Road Closer & PTW: The Respective plant HOD has to take approval for road closer and alternate 
route from HSEF, Security, and Logistics teams via email at least 24 hours in advance. 
 
3.12   Permit-To-Work in Electrical Substation/ Electric Sub -district/Electrical Transformer, Panels 
room. 
• PTW is issue by department electrical engineer & accepted by the electrical engineer (executor). 
• PTW is to be counter signed by process shift engineer of respective Safety District /affecting the 
plant. 
Note:  1) Electrical department has to prepare permit matrix as per format given in annexure.  
  2) For further clarification, please refer Electrical Safety Standard and Site Procedure. 
 

