20 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 20 of 79 
3.13  PTW in Utility Area: 
• PTW is issue by Department Utility Engineer & Accepted by the Utility Engineer (executor). 
•  PTW is to be counter signed by process shift engineer of respective Safety District /affecting 
the plant.  
       Note:  1) Utility department has to prepare permit matrix as per format given in annexure.  
3.14    PTW Management for the Process Related Activities (where mech/elect/Inst department is not 
involved) 
• PTW is issue by the Operations Engineer and accepted by other aut horized Process 
Engineer.  
 
3.15 Fire Water Line Related Work  
 Please follow HSEF guidelines. 
 
3.16 The Work Permit Format distribution 
• A minimum of two copies of the permit are needed: 
• The Permit Acceptor copy displayed on site. 
• The Permit Issuer copy held at the issuing point. 
• It is important that the Permit holder of the permit has a copy readily available for 
reference by the work group and by persons conducting inspections of the work. The 
permit, and any supporting documents, should therefore be displayed at the work site. 
4.0 PTW DETAILS FOR VARIOUS TYPES OF JOBS: 
In case of Conflict between PTW & individual procedure, individual procedure to be consider 
final.  
4.1 Work at Height: 
Work at height permit is required to perform any Maintenance / inspection work at and 
above 1.8 meters elevation from ground level where permanent platforms / railings are not 
available.  
   Examples of “Working at Height” are: 
1. Flat roofs, slopping roofs, fragile roof 
2. Structure erection/ special structure 
3. Working on pipe racks and cable trays, 
4. Working on flat and sloping tank roofs, 
5. Working on tall structures like lighting towers, chimneys, electrostatic precipitators, 
transmission towers, cooling towers etc. 

