24 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 24 of 79 
• Job involving hot work or entry into confined space, positive isolation by insertion of 
slip blinds or physical disconnection and blinding live ends are necessary. 
• Vessel entry, where no hot work is to be carried out, shall be permitted if 
combustible gases are up to 5 
percent of lower explosive limit [LEL]. Entry with an air-supplied mask shall be 
permitted with LEL of up to 20 percent.  
The Oxygen level shall be at least 19.5 to 22.5 percent volume, and the concentration 
of toxic gases below the threshold limits. 
• No cylinders of compressed gas, other than those used for self-contained breathing 
apparatus, shall be taken into a confined space. 
 
4.3.2 Emergency response plans/Rescue plan  are in place and appropriate training  is 
completed 
• Air-Supplied breathing equipment is being worn. 
• All personnel involved have been instructed, practiced and proven competent in its 
use. 
• Attendance of all personnel engaged in vessel entry, their entry and exit times is to 
be recorded. No entry during lunch /dinner breaks and shift changeover is to be 
ensured. 
• An observer attendant/Standby person carrying walkie talkie / in centric safe mobile 
(IS Mobile) is stationed immediately outside the entry to the confined space all the 
time a person is inside. 
• In case of Emergency attendant/Standby person should not g o inside confine space. 
Only ERT members/ Control room team should be communicated for rescue. 
• A minimum of a single self -contained BA set is on hand for emergency use, unless a 
P-JSA indicates additional units are required for higher risk activities, e.g.  entry into 
underground tanks where there is only a single access manhole. 
• Entrant must have a medical test performed with in last six months. Required 
parameters checkup are included in routine medical checkup. 
4.3.3 Rescue Plan: 
Job Risk Assessment to be carried out for confined space jobs. If Initial Risk is very high, 
(scoring 8 or more), A rescue plan is to be made. 
Since Dahej Site has well trained Fire Team, a well -equipped Rescue Tender and Fire 
Tenders, following steps are to followed for rescue plan. 
• PTW/Permit issuer has to inform the HoD. 
• Call Fire Team and explain the job and associated hazards. 

