25 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 25 of 79 
• Fire team member has to visit the site and discuss a rescue plan with plant team, 
considering different scenarios. 
• Document the rescue plan. 
• Fire team has to keep his team informed and prepare the rescue equipment ready 
(rescue plan is to be made, keeping the equipment available in the rescue tender in 
mind). 
NOTE: Rescue team and Rescue Tender has to mobilized in case of actual requirement 
 
Refer to the GFL “Confined Space Entry” Standard for details of mandatory requirements and 
safeguards of working safely in a confined space. 
4.4 ELECTRIC WORK:  
4.4.1 Electrical Work permit requirement. 
This electrical work Permit is required to be taken for any maintenance, installation & repair 
related work to be carried out on electrical equipment and power operated equipment in the 
electrical safety district/sub district/panel room at GFL, Dahej Site. 
• Electrical work Permit is taken by all persons working on live or electrical equipment at the 
following locations inside the GFL Dahej Complex: 
• Electrical Switch gears, Electrical switch yards, Electrical substation. 
• Cable cellars, cable racks & cable trenches inside Substation or switchyard area. 
• Transformers and Circuit breakers, UPS System, Battery /Battery charger systems inside 
Substation or switchyard area. 
• Motors/ Motor Terminal Boxes, Power operated equipment inside Substation or 
switchyard area. 
• Actuators of motorized valves, Junction Boxes, MCC Panels , Control Stations, HVAC 
systems, Cathodic protection systems, Electrical Heat Tracing, Electrical Earthing inside 
Substation or switchyard area. 
 
4.4.2 Work permit requirement for Electrical activities. 
 
    The following examples are considered Electrical Work that required permit (for the 
purpose of this Standard):  
• The task of adding a de -energized insulated jumper to an energized terminal (120VAC or 
less) while wearing proper PPE.  
• Similar task of removing an insulated jumpers from an energized terminal (120VAC or less), 
if the removed jumper is de-energized as it is unplugged.  
• Use of approved fuse pullers and test equipment such as voltmeters, clip-on ammeters, hot 
sticks, and non-contacting voltage sensing devices for higher voltages will be considered as 
Hazardous work. 
• Normal operation of electrical welding machines.  

