32 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 32 of 79 
• Many hydraulic & pneumatic operated equipment working require a full hazard analysis 
during maintenance & repair as store hydraulic/pneumatic en ergy of the equipment 
having high potential hazard for accident if release suddenly, so release the hydraulic 
pressure or pneumatic pressure of related in an operating system prior to removing or 
adjusting components.  
• The hot fluid in the system is under extreme pressure. If a worker is exposed to hydraulic 
fluid while removing or adjusting components, he or she may sustain burns, bruises, 
cuts, abrasions, or injection of fluid into the skin.  
• Do not rely solely on the hydraulic lift if you must work on hydraulic components with 
the system raised. Set the working unit on blocks as a precautionary measure. 
  
5. ROAD CLOSER: 
• The Respective plant HOD has to plan the road closure and inform to the HSEF, 
Security, SSM and Logistics teams via email at least 24 hours in advance. 
• The Respective plant HOD & engineer Incharge decide on the road/street to be 
blocked and alternate route to be use.   
• The Respective plant HOD has to marked (Road Blocked & alternate route) on the 
plant layout and share to the HSEF, Security, SSM and Logistics teams via email at 
least 24 hours in advance. 
• The Respective plant HOD must obtain road block approval via email from the HSEF 
and Security teams for the period between 09:00 AM and 05:30 PM. For the period 
between 05:30 PM and 09:00 AM, approval must be obtained from the Deputy Unit 
Head or Unit Head. 
• The Security and Logistics teams have to manage traffic and transportation 
according to the road block and alternate route decided. 
• SSM must mention the road closure in the daily report for management's 
information every day until the road is clear. 
 
6. FOR FIRE WATER NETWORK ISOLATION 
 Approval from the HSE department is required, with the knowledge of the Unit Head and 
Deputy Unit Head. 
7. Changes in Conditions & Emergency Action: 
 
• In the event of any of the following circumstances occurring during the course of an 
activity under permit, the Permit Holder must refer back to the Permit Issuer (through 
Permit Acceptor) on the appropriate course of action: 
• The specified equipment or tools to be used not being available. 

