38 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 38 of 79 
9.2 In-Depth Inspections 
▪ In depth inspections should be carried out on a pre -determined frequency by persons 
independent of the  PTW System ( e.g. by line personnel from plants/areas other than 
where work is in progress (Plant HOD), SHE Personnel). The purpose of these inspections 
is to obtain an independent check on how the PTW process is operating. 
 
9.3 Audits 
▪ Each site shall audit compliance with this standard as part of its Safety audit program (this 
should include 1st and 2nd Party Audits).  
▪ Independent, qualified technical auditors should carry out audits of the operation of the 
PTW System.  
▪ These audits should be carried out as part of the EHS audit program at least annually for 
1st Party Audits and 3 yearly for the 2nd Party Audits. 
 
9.4 Deviation Process: 
           Ref CORPORATE HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARD -GFL/COR/EHSS 2002.00. 
 
9.5 Loss of Work Permit Copy 
▪ In case of lost permit, duplicate copy from permit issuer's copy may be used as original 
Permit for further processing.  
▪ In such case Permit needs to be closed by concerned HoD.  
▪ In case both copies are missing, permit shall be closed by giving  a note, which shall be 
initiated by concerned HoD and must be approved by UH. 
• Training and Communication Requirements 
▪ Training is the responsibility of each plant HOD.  In the event that interpretation or 
clarification is needed, questions shall be directed to the respective Unit Standards, Rules 
& Procedures Sub-Committee (SR&PSC), EHS Manager or the Corporate EHS. 
9.6 Contact: 
▪ The contact for this standard is the Standards, Rules & Procedure Sub-Committee 
(SR&PSC). Clarification/Interpretation regarding this standard shall be referred to 
the Chairman, Standards, Rules & Procedures Sub-Committee (SR&PSC). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

