40 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 40 of 79 
12 ANNEXURES: 
 List of Annexures as below 
 
     SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR HOT WORK 
The following safety precautions and requirements, though not necessarily exhaustive, shall be 
observed before and during the hot work: 
1. The equipment to be worked on shall be positively isolated, both mechanically and 
electrically. Mechanical isolation shall be achieved either by disconnection, or by 
blanking following the isolation procedure. 
2. Blanking is not required for stand-alone utilities supply piping. Utilities supply in this 
instance are: process water, potable water, LP/HP De-mineralized water, soft water, 
direct/indirect sea-water, ID cooling water, chilled water, fire water, LP/HP nitrogen, 
steam, plant air, process air, instrument air and steam condensate. 
3. Prior to commencement of hot work on the utilities supply line mentioned above, it is of 
utmost important that the line to be worked on is verified to be cleared and 
depressurized. This verification can be done by: a) opening a bleed valve (drain valve); b) 
first break; or c) by doing a cold-cut. The drain valve should be left locked in open 
position throughout the duration of the hot work to prevent pressure build-up. 
4. The equipment shall be freed of liquid and gas by depressurizing, draining, venting, 
purging and flushing. 
5. In lined vessels or equipment containing pockets, recesses, double bulkheads, etc. 
precautions shall be taken to ensure that no material is trapped behind the lining. This 
may require cold drilling and steaming through behind the lining followed by gas testing. 
Where it is not possible to achieve gas free in the equipment or there is a doubt that all 
potentially hazardous materials have been removed, the space shall be inserted with 
nitrogen or water filled during hot work. 
6. Any combustible material, including paper cartons, oily rugs and grass, located nearby 
shall be removed. Oil spills or deposits around the work site shall be cleaned up. Where 
it is not practical to remove combustible materials they shall be suitably covered or 
wetted with water. 
7. Drain covers and surface manhole covers within 15 m from the work site shall be 
properly sealed throughout the work period to prevent emission of flammable vapors. 
8. If flammable liquid is present in any open drain or ditch which runs within 15m of the 
work site, it shall be dammed at locations not less than 15m from the work site and 
pumped out 
9. Any potential source of flammable gas or vapor emission, such as sampling point, vent or 
drain situated within 15m of the work site shall be rendered safe by sealing. If there is a 

