41 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 41 of 79 
potential release of flammable gas or vapor in the vicinity of hot work, it may be 
necessary to monitor the atmosphere using continuous gas monitors which will alarm on 
detection. 
10. The equipment on which hot work is to be carried out must be certified as being gas free 
by the authorized gas tester. The equipment cannot be certified as gas free until all 
sludge, grease, scale, deposits, etc. have been removed, as subsequent work could 
disturb or heat the remaining materials and give rise to a hazardous condition. 
11. Gas free condition must also be maintained within 15m from the work site throughout 
the hot work period. 
12. If the hot work could result in the projection of material, the work site must be 
adequately contained. In the case of welding, cutting or grinding, where molten metal 
and sparks are produced, the work site must be adequately surrounded by fire resistant 
or flame retarding tarpaulin to contain such sources of ignition. Particular attention must 
be paid to elevated hot work where sparks and molten metal can fall and cause injury to 
passers-by or ignition to potential sources of flammable or combustible materials 
underneath. The immediate area around and underneath the hot work site must be 
properly barricaded or roped off with warning signs. Proper ventilation shall be used to 
ensure the hot work workers do not inhale the welding fumes. 
13. All hot work sites must be equipped with sufficient portable firefighting appliances such 
as fire extinguishers of the appropriate type, fire hose lines charged with water from the 
nearby fire hydrants. The end sections of the 2½" hose line shall be 1½" hose connected 
to the gated "Y" piece with stream/fog shut-off nozzles for easy maneuverability. 
14. The vicinity of the hot work area where there is a potential of sparks or molten metals 
falling off the ground shall be wetted with water where practicable. 
15. The Performing and Approving Authorities must monitor the progress of hot work on a 
regular basis to ensure the work group abides by the permit conditions and 
requirements. In the case where hot work, especially heavy hot work, is carried out 
reasonably close to an operating plant of 'live' system containing hazardous materials, a 
'fire watch/standby person' from the Performing Authority must be stationed at the 
work site to closely monitor and supervise the work where practicable. 
16. The sitting of mobile equipment such as welding sets and generators must be outside 
the classified hazardous area and away from the pipe-bridge carrying flammable 
materials. 
17. All electrical appliances, connectors and power sockets or extension cords to be used in 
the classified hazardous areas must be of industrial and flame-proof type. 
18. Cigarette or tobacco smoking including the use of lighters or matches at the hot work 
site is STRICTLY PROHIBITED even if the work site is covered with a hot work permit. 
 

