42 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 42 of 79 
• Prohibited Hot Work Areas  
 
1. PESO Tank farm area 
2. Flammable chemical storage areas & process areas 
 
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS FOR EXCAVATION WORK 
           The following safety precautions, though not necessarily exhaustive, shall be observed 
where applicable in the course of excavation work to prevent injury  and property 
damage: 
 
1. Before an attempt is made to excavate, the Performing Authority must know the exact 
locations of underground facilities. 
2. No excavator or other digging machine shall be allowed to excavate close to underground 
facilities that must  be left in place. A proximity limit for machine  operations shall be 
established and the excavation completed  by hand digging. When work has to be done 
over or around electrical cables, special precautions must be  stated in the permit. If the 
underground cables, service tiles or any other piping are discovered in the course of 
excavation, the job must be suspended and the Approving Authority must be notified 
immediately. When mechanical excavator is used, a full-time contractor supervisor must 
be present at the site to guide the operator of the excavator and supervise the excavation. 
Close proximity digging with any machinery SHALL  require a GFL person  who is 
knowledgeable of the underground facilities. 
3. Where a trench to be excavated exceeds 1.5m in depth, adequate piling, shoring and 
bracing shall be provided against the bank or side to prevent it from collapsing. 
 
            Piling, shoring and bracing used in a trench excavation to protect persons against falling 
or sliding material  shall be of adequate strength. Planks used as sheet piling shall be at 
least 50mm thick. The maximum spacing  between horizontal stringers or wales shall be 
such as to keep the planks within their safe bending stress. Shores and braces shall be of 
adequate dimensions for stiffness and shall be so placed as to be effective for  their 
intended purposes. Each end of each stringer piece shall be separately braced. 
                    Where trenching of more than 4 m in depth is done, such protection shall be constructed 
in accordance with the design and drawings of a professional engineer. 
4. In every excavation exceeding 1.2m in depth, there sha ll be provided ladders, stairways 
or ramps to furnish safe access to and egress from such excavation. 
5. Excavated material should be placed at least 0.60m back from the edge of the 
excavation, unless toe boards or other effective barricades have been installed to prevent 
fallback. The excavated material should be kept away from the drains and access ways. 

