43 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 43 of 79 
6. Open sides of an excavation where a person may fall in shall be guarded by adequate 
protective barricades and suitable warning signs shall be put up at conspicuous positions. 
If the trench is 3m or deeper, barricades made of rigid materials instead of ropes must be 
used. Covering of trench with canvas sheet or the like  without such barricades is strictly 
prohibited. 
7. Pick-and-shovel people working in  excavations should be kept far enough apart to 
prevent injury to one another. 
8. All road-crossing trenches must be covered  by steel plates of sufficient strength for 
vehicles to pass through. 
9. Vessel and Confined Space Entry Permit may be required before any person is allowed to 
enter a trench exceeding 1.5m in depth as the atmosphere in it may not be safe for entry.   
Special attention should be paid  to those trenches being dug within process area or any 
place where there are possible sources of flammable or toxic gas emission. Such emission 
sources may be from the nearby equipment or the pipes underneath the trenches. 
 
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS FOR COLD WORK 
           The following precautions (though not necessarily exhaustive) should be observed in 
relation to the performance of Cold Work: 
 
1. For work involving the opening -up or de-energizing of equipment, the Lock, Tag and Try 
Procedure must be followed. 
2. If equipment is to be opened up, it should first be depressurized, drained and purged of 
hazardous material  under valve isolation, before  positive mechanical isolation can be 
achieved. 
           The effectiveness of the valve isolation should be tested and if it is found that a valve is 
passing, appropriate  measures will have to be adopted. These may include shutting 
additional valves or taking further equipment  out of commission, the p ossibility of the 
presence of wax or ice under a valve should be considered, as subsequent melting would 
defeat the isolation. Where valve isolation is used, the valves should be locked off  with 
chain and padlock or other equally effective device, to ensure that they are  not opened 
inadvertently. 
3. If toxic gases could be present, suitable breathing apparatus should be specified. 
           The possibility of the presence of pyrophoric material should be considered before 
admitting air. If necessary, the equipment should be water flushed/filled before opening 
up and wetted down afterwards. 
4. Where hazardous materials such as hydrocarbons and chemicals are involved, mechanical 
isolation should consist of spading, blanking or disconnecting. 

