46 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 46 of 79 
Checklist for Height Work Compliance: 
 
PTW: HEIGHT WORK COMPLIANCE   
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/08 
Issue 
Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  Job 
Description :  Date & Time  :  
SR. 
No. CHECKPOINTS STATUS  
(Yes / No / NA) REMARKS 
1 Is work being performed at heights above 1.8 meters using 
either a ladder or a scaffold?   
2 
Are workers instructed on the proper method to wear and use 
the full body safety harness, and how to attach it to the lifeline 
or anchorage point? 
  
3 
Are the full body safety harness, anchorage, lifeline, or fall 
arrest system inspected by a GFL authorized CES person before 
use by the workers? 
  
4 Is sufficient and secure anchorage or a lifeline provided?   
5 
Are ISI marked, high -quality, and well -maintained full body 
safety harnesses with twin lanyards used while working at 
heights? 
  
6 Has a rescue plan been developed and implemented for work 
at height?   
7 When any work at height is to be carried out, is a safe means of 
access and egress provided?   
8 Is there adequate supervision to ensure that safe work 
practices for working at heights are in place   
IF LADDER IS USE FOR HEIGNT WORK   
8 Are the ladder and scaffold in good condition and marked with 
inspection tags?   
9 Is the ladder placed on a secure and level surface?   
10 Is the ladder placed at an angle greater than 75 degrees to the 
horizontal ground?   
11 
When a ladder is used for access or as a working platform, are 
adequate handholds provided to a height of at least one meter 
above the landing point of the highest rung that a person’s feet 
will reach? 
  
IF SCAFFOLDING IS USE FOR HEIGHT WORK   
12 Has the scaffolding been erected only on rigid/ firm / level 
surfaces?   
13 Has the scaffolding been designed to bear the intended load, 
and has a load calculation certificate been issued by CES?   


