48 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 48 of 79 
05 Is the draining, washing, cleaning, and purging done properly?  Done by 
Name_________  
06 Is the CSE free from physical hazards like extreme cold or heat 
through proper cooling and air purging?   
07 Is there proper air ventilation inside the CSE, such as an exhaust 
fan or a movable blower provided with adequate capacity?   
08 
Follow Electrical Safety: 
8.1 Are only 24-volt bulbs with flameproof fittings used? 
8.2 Are there any cable joints observed? 
8.3 Is the power supply protected by an ELCB? 
  
09 Is the earthing resistance of the process vessel or tank less than 
1 ohm? (Done with planning)   
10 
Has the air quality been tested and recorded for the presence of 
toxic, poisonous, and flammable gases, as well as for oxygen 
percentage, at all locations of the vessel/confined space? and at 
different levels i.e. (top, middle and bottom) of vertical vessel, 
reactors  
  
11 
Is there a provision for a properly sized ladder (Aluminium, M.S., 
or rope type) for ascending and descending inside the CSE, 
according to location requirements? 
  
12 Is a stretcher arranged at the nearest location of the CSE 
activity, if required?   
13 A distress meter (motion meter) is arranged, and anyone 
entering the CSE must wear it.  
 
 
 
14 Have the names and details of all personnel entering the 
confined space been recorded on the permit before entry?   
15 
Arrangement of Fresh Air supplying facility (Airline respirator, 
Cascade system) available for respiratory protection against 
dangerous gases, fumes, vapours and oxygen deficient 
environment done?  (Sulfuric Acid, Chlorine, Caustic, Natural 
Gas, Methanol, HCl, Anhydrous Hydrofluoric Acid, DHF, 
Chloroform, R22 (Chlorodifluoromethane), TFE (Tetra Fluoro 
ethylene), Ammonia, Nitric Acid, Methyl Chloride, MDC & CTC 
(carbon tetra chloride)).  
  
16 
Have all jobs, inspections, and briefings on hazards and 
precautions for the confined space been completed for all 
personnel involved before starting the job? 
  
17 
Does the person entering the CSE wear a full body harness with 
a double lifeline, anchored with a separate lifeline tied outside 
the CSE at a secure location? 
  
18 Standby Person Responsibility:  
 Is there a person stationed outside the CSE near the   

