5 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 5 of 79 
DEFINITIONS 
These definitions are provided to describe the intend for this procedure. Meaning /definitions of these 
terms might be different for other purposes. 
GFL Complex: 
Means all the operating areas of various Plants and units of Fillings, Power, Utilities, Loading and 
unloading areas, Off-site pipelines, pipe racks and crossings, corridor, tank farms and other associated 
service areas and buildings such as Laboratory, Administrative Building, Stores etc. at Dahej. 
Safety District: 
It is predefined demarked and approved area. This has been approved by the unit head as per 
document number GFL-PP-DWG-SD-04-15-D0127.  
In the some of the safety districts small area/equipment are being operated/maintain by other HOD. In 
this case the particular area will be under ownership of the operating HOD of the equipment. 
Routine activities:  
The Activities which are regular operations and are controlled through established procedures do not 
require permit. These activities should to be well defined by each department with proper SOP / SMP/ 
checklist (Document number must in IMS document). 
Non-functional Area: 
Means Engineering Stores, canteen building, HR Building, Material gate, OHC, security gate, weight 
bridge station, Offices, GFRC and laboratories. 
Non-Routine non-functional activities: 
The activities other than routine which may or may not have well established procedures. e.g.  Change 
management (MOC). 
Permit/PTW/Permit-to-Work: 
Means a written certificate in prescribed format allowing certain work to be carried out in a fixed place 
and during a given period of time, or a certificate allowing entrance and stay in certain facilities. 
Cold work: 
All jobs that do not fall under purview of a hot work permit require a cold work permit. 
 
 

