7 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 7 of 79 
Excavation Permit: 
Means digging, road cutting, removing soil, chipping, grading, any excavation work which involves 
excavation of ground 1 Ft or more deep either using mechanical equipment or manually, site 
preparation.  
Line Breaking: 
Intentional opening of a pipe, line, or duct that contains or has contained material capable of causing 
injury It requires that all members of a line breaking team understand the hazards related to the 
material and equipment involved. 
Hydraulic & Pneumatic System Work: 
Any machine & equipment where hydraulic energy, like hydraulic jaw, hydraulic doors, chambers, 
cutters, hammers, pusher and lifting hydraulic tools where pneumatic energy is stored & used for 
operating, functioning of the machine, Many hydraulic & pneumatic operated equipment working 
require a full hazard analysis during maintenance & repair as store hydraulic/pneumatic energy of the 
equipment having high potential hazard for accident if release suddenly, so release the hydraulic 
pressure or pneumatic pressure of related in an operating system prior to removing or adjusting 
components. The hot fluid in the system is under extreme pressure. If a worker is exposed to hydraulic 
fluid while removing or adjusting components, he or she may sustain burns, bruises, cuts, abrasions, 
or injection of fluid into the skin. Do not rely solely on the hydraulic lift if you must work on hydraulic 
components with the system raised. Set the working unit on blocks as a precautionary measure. 
Radiography: 
Industrial radiography uses radiation to assess the integrity of structure. Industrial Radiography 
Permits are issued to each service provider for a defined period of time as needed by the service 
provider. 
Electrical Isolation: 
Means positive isolation of equipment connected to an electrical power system for the purpose of 
maintenance and installation.   
Blanket Permits: 
A single PTW given for multiple jobs at different location or same job at multiple location. Blanket 
permit strictly prohibited. For e.g 1) A single permit is given for PM of Pump A at X location and Pump 
B at Y location.  
 

