
=== PDF PAGE 1 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 1 of 79 
 
 
 
 
       


=== PDF PAGE 2 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 2 of 79 
DOCUMENT MANAGEMENT 
Distribution:  GFL Dahej plant HOD, Control room and & Sustainability internal portal 
Sr # Description Page 
# 
1 0.0 ABBREVIATIONS  4 
2 0.0 DEFINITIONS 5 
3 1.0 PURPOSE 11 
4 2.0 SCOPE 11 
5 3.0 PROCEDURE  11 
6 3.1 Preparation of Permit Matrix and training records 11 
7 3.2 Identification of jobs which require PTW 11 
8 3.3 Listing out the Specific PPEs Requirement 12 
9 3.4 Job planning and Identification of Jobs to be carried out 12 
10 3.5 Preparation of JSA 12 
11 3.6 Completion of PTW Format 13 
12 3.7 Permits are not applicable for the following areas / activities 16 
13 3.8 Permit Validity, Extension and Approver 17 
14 3.9 PTW Rule for Hot Work at Contractor’s Fabrication Yard Located Inside Plant. 18 
15 3.10 PTW rule for operating equipment in other area. 19 
16 3.11 Road Closer & PTW 19 
17 3.12 Permit-To-Work in Electrical Substation/ Electric Sub-district/Transformer, panel 
room. 19 
18 3.13 PTW in Utility Area / Operating Equipment  20 
19 3.14 PTW Management for the Process Related Activities (where mech/elect/Inst 
department is not involved) 20 
20 3.15 Fire Water Line Related Work 20 
21 3.16. The Work Permit Format distribution 20 
22 4.0 PTW DETAILS FOR VARIOUS TYPES OF JOBS: 4.1 Work at Height  20 
23 4.2 HOT WORK  22 
24 4.3 CONFINED SPACE ENTRY  22 
25 4.4 ELECTRIC WORK  25 
26 4.5 LINE BREAKING 27 
27 4.6 EXCAVATION ACTIVITIES 29 
28 4.7 RADIOGRAPHY JOB REQUIREMENTS AND PERMITS 30 
29 4.8 RIGGING JOBS 31 
30 4.9 HYDRAULIC AND PNEUMATIC SYSTEM WORK 31 
31 5.0 ROAD CLOSER 32 
32 6.0 FOR FIRE WATER NETWORK ISOLATION 32 
33 7.0 Changes in Conditions & Emergency Action 32 
34 8.0 ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES  33 

=== PDF PAGE 3 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 3 of 79 
35 8.2 Permit Issuer   34 
36 8.3 Permit Acceptor (Person who is responsible to execute work)  35 
37 8.4 Permit Holder Worker(s) who carryout Work  36 
38 8.5 Permit Approver I/II/III 36 
39 8.6 Area Operator  37 
40 8.7 Authorized Toxic Gas/Oxygen Level Tester  37 
41 9.0 MONITOR, AUDIT & REVIEW of PTW SYSTEM 37 
42 9.1 Records 37 
43 9.2 InDepth Inspections 38 
44 9.3 Audits  38 
45 9.4 Deviation Process  38 
46 9.5 Loss of Work Permit Copy & Contact  38 
47 9.6 Contact 38 
48 10.0 REFERENCE 39 
49 11.0 Revision History 39 
50 12.0ANNECURES 39 
51 SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR HOT WORK, EXCAVATION WORK & 
COLD WORK 40 
52 Checklist for temporary Welding Machine/De watering pump & all other electrically 
operated portable tools 45 
53 Checklist for Height Work Compliance 46 
54 Checklist for Confined space Entry Compliance   47 
55 Checklist for Hot Work Procedure Compliance 50 
56 Checklist for Line Break-Job and Planning Sheet 52 
57 Checklist for Rigging Plan 53 
58 PTW Format & Confined space entrance record 55 
59 JSA Format 59 
60 Isolation tags 60 
61 PTW format for Electrical Wok 61 
62 Electrical PTW Proper PPE 64 
63 Permit matrix and training record format 66 
64 Emergency Rescue Plan for Confined space jobs 67 
65 list of all routine and non-routine activities 68 
66 Safety District layout & Procedure for Safety District Owner  69 
67 Frequently asked Question and Answer Key 73 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 4 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 4 of 79 
ABBREVIATIONS 
BA Breathing apparatus 
CES Centre engineering service 
COR Corporate 
EHS Environment, Health, Safety 
EHSS Environment, Health, Safety & Sustainability 
ERP Emergency response procedure/Plan 
GFRC Gujarat Fluorochemical Research Centre 
HOD Head of Department 
HR Human Resource 
HSE Health Safety Environment 
IMS Integrated management System 
IS Indian Standards 
JSA Job safety Analysis 
LEL Lower explosive limit 
LOTO Lock-out Tag-out 
MOC Management of Change 
NA Not Applicable 
NDO Night Duty Officer 
OHC Occupational Health and Safety 
P-JSA Pre-Job safety Analysis 
PM Preventive maintenance 
PPE Personal Protective Equipment 
PTW Permit to Work 
Rev Revision 
SD Safety District 
SMP Standard Maintenance Procedure 
SOP Standard Operating Procedure 
TLD Thermo-luminescent dosimeter 
SRP                                                                                                                    Standard Rules and procedure 
AGL Act Group Leader 
SDS Safety data Sheet 
SDO Special Duty officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 5 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 5 of 79 
DEFINITIONS 
These definitions are provided to describe the intend for this procedure. Meaning /definitions of these 
terms might be different for other purposes. 
GFL Complex: 
Means all the operating areas of various Plants and units of Fillings, Power, Utilities, Loading and 
unloading areas, Off-site pipelines, pipe racks and crossings, corridor, tank farms and other associated 
service areas and buildings such as Laboratory, Administrative Building, Stores etc. at Dahej. 
Safety District: 
It is predefined demarked and approved area. This has been approved by the unit head as per 
document number GFL-PP-DWG-SD-04-15-D0127.  
In the some of the safety districts small area/equipment are being operated/maintain by other HOD. In 
this case the particular area will be under ownership of the operating HOD of the equipment. 
Routine activities:  
The Activities which are regular operations and are controlled through established procedures do not 
require permit. These activities should to be well defined by each department with proper SOP / SMP/ 
checklist (Document number must in IMS document). 
Non-functional Area: 
Means Engineering Stores, canteen building, HR Building, Material gate, OHC, security gate, weight 
bridge station, Offices, GFRC and laboratories. 
Non-Routine non-functional activities: 
The activities other than routine which may or may not have well established procedures. e.g.  Change 
management (MOC). 
Permit/PTW/Permit-to-Work: 
Means a written certificate in prescribed format allowing certain work to be carried out in a fixed place 
and during a given period of time, or a certificate allowing entrance and stay in certain facilities. 
Cold work: 
All jobs that do not fall under purview of a hot work permit require a cold work permit. 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 6 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 6 of 79 
Hot work: 
Any work which involves welding, burning, soldering, brazing, blasting, gas cutting, chipping by spark 
production tools, use of certain power-driven tools, non-flame-proof electrical equipment or 
equipment with internal combustion engines and including any other work which is likely to produce 
sufficient heat capable of igniting flammable gases.  
Some examples of hot work are: 
• Welding or flame cutting equipment. 
• Grinder, electric drill or other non-flameproof electrical equipment 
• Hammering, chipping, drilli ng (particularly in the presence of flammable/ 
combustible/ explosive atmospheres) 
• Spark ignition engines or non-approved compression ignition engines 
• Hand tools that may generate a spark. 
• Any device, which is likely to produce a source of ignition or be a n ignition source, 
e.g., cell phones, pagers, radios, cameras/camcorders etc. 
 
Work at Height: 
Work at height (permit is required) to perform any (maintenance / inspection) work above/below 1.8 
mtr elevation from ground level where permanent platforms / railings are not available.  
  Some examples ‘’working at height: 
• Working on trestles 
• Working on a (flat) roof 
• Erecting falsework (Falsework refers to temporary structures used in construction to 
support a permanent structure) or formwork (Formwork refers to temporary molds or 
structures used to shape and support concrete until) 
• Working on a ladder 
• Working at ground level adjacent to an excavation. 
• Working on formwork within an excavation 
• Working near or adjacent to fragile materials 
Confined Space Entry: 
A Confined Space is any enclosed or partially enclosed space, either above or below ground, where 
there is some risk of reduced oxygen level, or accumulation of toxic flammability or explosive 
materials, or entry or exit are limited or there is a risk of engulfment. 
 

=== PDF PAGE 7 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 7 of 79 
Excavation Permit: 
Means digging, road cutting, removing soil, chipping, grading, any excavation work which involves 
excavation of ground 1 Ft or more deep either using mechanical equipment or manually, site 
preparation.  
Line Breaking: 
Intentional opening of a pipe, line, or duct that contains or has contained material capable of causing 
injury It requires that all members of a line breaking team understand the hazards related to the 
material and equipment involved. 
Hydraulic & Pneumatic System Work: 
Any machine & equipment where hydraulic energy, like hydraulic jaw, hydraulic doors, chambers, 
cutters, hammers, pusher and lifting hydraulic tools where pneumatic energy is stored & used for 
operating, functioning of the machine, Many hydraulic & pneumatic operated equipment working 
require a full hazard analysis during maintenance & repair as store hydraulic/pneumatic energy of the 
equipment having high potential hazard for accident if release suddenly, so release the hydraulic 
pressure or pneumatic pressure of related in an operating system prior to removing or adjusting 
components. The hot fluid in the system is under extreme pressure. If a worker is exposed to hydraulic 
fluid while removing or adjusting components, he or she may sustain burns, bruises, cuts, abrasions, 
or injection of fluid into the skin. Do not rely solely on the hydraulic lift if you must work on hydraulic 
components with the system raised. Set the working unit on blocks as a precautionary measure. 
Radiography: 
Industrial radiography uses radiation to assess the integrity of structure. Industrial Radiography 
Permits are issued to each service provider for a defined period of time as needed by the service 
provider. 
Electrical Isolation: 
Means positive isolation of equipment connected to an electrical power system for the purpose of 
maintenance and installation.   
Blanket Permits: 
A single PTW given for multiple jobs at different location or same job at multiple location. Blanket 
permit strictly prohibited. For e.g 1) A single permit is given for PM of Pump A at X location and Pump 
B at Y location.  
 

=== PDF PAGE 8 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 8 of 79 
Permit issuer: 
A Permit Issuer is a person who is engineer/ shift In-charge, has experience of total one year plus 3-
month experience in same plant. He has got trained, (PTW standard, JSA Standard, & ERP), 
competent, and authorized to issue a Permit to Work as per permit matrix Annexure format. Has gone 
through MOC(P). 
Note: matrix approved by Plant HOD. 
Permit Acceptor: 
A person who is an engineer accepting the permit. Person who is responsible to handle work. He/She 
shall have experience of total 1 year plus 3 months in same plant. Is trained (PTW standard, JSA 
Standard, & ERP), competent, and authorized to accept a Permit to Work as per permit matrix. 
Annexure format. Has gone through MOC(P). 
Note:  PTW matrix approved by Plant HOD. 
Permit Approver-I: 
A person who is L4 (Manager) and above level, can approve the permit as Approve-I. He/ She shall 
have minimum experience of total 5 years including 3 months in the same area/plant. He/ She has to 
complete the self-study of training module of PTW , JSA, CSE, Hot Work and ERP . Has gone through 
MOCP Process. He can approve all the permits of plant/area/equipment which are under his 
jurisdiction. 
Note: PTW matrix approved by Dy Unit Head/Unit Head. 
Permit Approver-II: 
A person who is L3 (Plant HOD level) can approve the permit as Approver-II. He/ She shall have 
experience of 3 months in same plant/area. He/ She has to complete the self-study of training module 
of PTW, JSA, CSE, Hot Work and ERP . He should have gone through MOCP process. He can approve all 
the permit of plant/area/equipment which are under his jurisdiction. 
On w/off, Holiday or non-availability of Approver I, He can approve all the permit of 
plant/area/equipment which are under his jurisdiction as Approver I & Approver II. 
Note:  PTW matrix approved by Dy Unit Head/Unit Head. 
Permit Approver-III : 
A person who is L2 (VP/AVP/Sr.VP) can approve the permit as Approver-III. He/ She shall have 
experience of 3 months in same plant/area. He/ She has to complete the self-study of training module 
of PTW, JSA, CSE, Hot Work and ERP . He should have gone through MOCP process.  

=== PDF PAGE 9 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 9 of 79 
The responsibilities of this role are: 
In case of confined space/Vessel entry permit extended to C shift or on non-working day, the permit 
shall be approved by Approver-III after informing Dy UH/Unit head. 
On w/off, Holiday or non-availability L-3, He can approve all the permit of plant/area/equipment 
which are under his jurisdiction as approver II & Approver III. 
NOTE: Jobs requiring Approver-III is discouraged. Hence such jobs to be avoided unless it is extremely 
urgent. 
Permit Matrix: 
A list of duly authorized persons who will perform the duties of issuer, acceptor, gas tester, and 
approvers (Matrix format as per annexure). 
Fire Watch: 
A fire watch is a person who will oversee any probability of fire due to hot surfaces or spillage of 
sparks during the hot work and for 30 minutes after job completion. He/ She could be the contractor 
supervision and may work as fire watch for more than one job in his vicinity.  He/ She should have 
basic knowledge of operating fire extinguisher and able to communicate clearly. 
Standby Person: 
A Standby Person must be always available at the entry during confined space work. His name must 
be mention in the permit. He/ She should able to: 
✓ Communicate clearly. 
✓ Control the exit and entry of person and keeping the record. 
✓ Raise a call for help in case of any distress call/ raised by persons working inside.  
✓ Alert and call for evacuation the people inside in case of outside emergency. 
 
Gas Tester: 
A designated person who has received training for the operation of gas testing machines/instrument 
and procedure of gas testing.  
He/ She is responsible for: 
✓ Carrying out gas testing before the starting and during the jobs. Keep record of the gas testing data 
on PTW.  
✓ A gas Tester carries out Gas test for oxygen content, LEL and toxic content. 
✓ LEL concentration within 5.0 m radius of the work location for welding jobs/ hot work. 
 

=== PDF PAGE 10 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 10 of 79 
Self-Permitting: 
  In a Permit to Work (PTW) system, self-permitting refers to the practice where an individual 
authorizes their own work permit without requiring approval from a separate, designated authority. ( 
e.g Mr. XYZ is issuing the permit to Mr XYZ for Hot Work) 
Isolation: 
A physical barrier between a source of energy (mechanical, electrical, hydraulic or static head) or 
process materials. 
Live Permit: 
A permit for a work that is active and ongoing. 
Method Statement: 
A breakdown of an activity into individual tasks. 
Monitoring:  
Routine checking of permits and controls in the course of the work. 
Revalidation: 
Reassessing the work site and PTW controls to determine if work can continue safely for another set 
period of time. 
Review: 
Examining the fundamental design of the system to see whether it should be changed in the light of 
experience. 
Shift Handover: 
Process of transferring responsibility for controlling and monitoring work from the present Operations 
shift to the oncoming shift. 
Supporting Certificate Signatory: 
The person responsible for confirming that the hazards have been (Validated, Authorized Safety 
correctly identified and assessed and, that the proposed controls area inspector, Fire Permit 
Signatory) adequate. 
Suspension:  
Temporary invalidation of a permit for a period during which the work may not proceed. 
Validity Period: 
The period during which a permit may remain active, and after which the work site controls must be 
reassessed. 
Worker (User): 
 A member of the work party, working to the instruction of the Permit Holder. 

=== PDF PAGE 11 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 11 of 79 
Gas Test - For Hot Work: 
A signed statement on PTW by an authorized Gas Tester experienced in gas monitoring, that a gas 
test has been taken for the presence of flammable vapors/toxic gases within a specified location and 
that the concentration shows a nil LEL response. 
Gas Test for Confined Space:  
A signed statement by an Authorized Gas Tester for/toxic gases, flammable gases and oxygen tests 
have been taken within the confined space to be entered. Prior to entering a confined space (without 
the assistance of long line breathing apparatus) the toxic gas vapors shall show nil,  LEL - below 5%  
and oxygen concentration shall be between 19.5 and 23.5 % by volume. The frequency of testing shall 
be specified and the certificate re-signed after each test. 
Hazard: -  
The potential a substance, activity, event, process or energy source has, to impair the health or well-
being of a person or the environment. 
Risk: -  
The probability that a hazard may fulfill its potential. 
Lower Explosive Limit (LEL):-  
The concentration of flammable gas, vapor or mist in air below which an explosive gas atmosphere 
will not be formed. 
1. PURPOSE: 
The purpose of this procedure is to provide clarity and helps in  
• Aligning the requirement for PTW process with Corporate Standard and other Statutory Requirement.  
• To provide a guideline for completing permit to work (PTW) perfectly. 
• To provide guideline for uniform understanding about PTW & its compliance. 
2. SCOPE: 
This Procedure is applicable to all non-routine jobs that are carried out in the premises of M/s Gujarat 
Fluorochemicals Limited at Dahej site. 
3. PROCEDURE: 
3.1 Preparation of Permit Matrix and training records: 
Every Plant HOD has to prepare the Permit Matrix and keep training records (both Format in annexure) 
of all eligible Permit Issuers, Acceptors, Approvers, Gas Testers. Eligibility criteria for all these functions 
is elaborated in respective sections. Keep it readily available (preferably displayed in the control 
room/field room).  
3.2 Identification of jobs which require PTW 
Every Plant has to prepare a list of all routine and non-routine activities. Clearly specify which activity 
require a permit and which do not. Ensure that the activities list is available in the control room in 
both soft or hard copy formats. (Activity list to be prepare as per format given in annexure- Routine 

=== PDF PAGE 12 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 12 of 79 
and non-routine activities) Jobs, routinely carried out following an approved SOP , do not require the 
permit and non-routine jobs required the permit. 
 
Note:  
Generally, routine jobs do not require permit, however, few high-risk potential jobs (like tanker loading 
/unloading require a PTW. Respective HOD has to identify such jobs which require a permit. 
 
3.3 Listing out the Specific PPEs Requirement.  
List PPE Required for handling the chemicals used in the plant. Ensure that the necessary PPE is 
readily available whenever needed. 
Every Plant has to prepare a list of specific PPEs required for their plant based on the activities 
carried out and chemicals being handled.  
3.4 Job planning and Identification of Jobs to be carried out 
A job planning meeting is to be carried out every day evening in every plant. Operations and 
maintenance team has to decide the jobs for the next day, jointly. Few of the criterion for the job 
selection, for the next day, could be urgency of the job- impact on the safety, availability of 
manpower, spares etc. 
 
Note: Emergency Jobs can be started without Permit and can be regularized after emergency handling. 
(Emergency e.g Chlorine leakage, Fire, chemical leakage etc....)  
 
3.5 Preparation of JSA  
Team of permit issuer, acceptor & Contractor Supervisor jointly visit the job site and prepare the 
JSA (Format No HSE/SAF/F/05). Permit Issuer & Acceptor to write the JSA. 
• Sequence of basic job steps - list-down the activities/sub-activities. 
• Potential Hazard - Identify potential hazards associated with all listed activities. 
• Risk - Identity the risk associated with all the activities. 
• Safeguard/Control - Suggest the control measure to mitigate/Control potential hazards. 
• Assign responsibility for each suggested control measure.  
• The JSA team should sign the document upon completion. 
        Note:  
1. Refer JSA site procedure & CORPORATE HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARD - GFL/COR/EHSS 
2002.00-2. 
2. Hazard identified in JSA and suggested control measures should align with the PTW 
section E. 

=== PDF PAGE 13 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 13 of 79 
   3.6 Completion of PTW Format 
                Section wise details are given below: 
Section A: Type of Work Permit 
Tick the appropriate type of work permit based on nature of job. 
Section B: Job Details  
Specify - Plant/Unit, Area/location, SAP Notification Number, Equipment Name with tag 
number, Job description. Provide details of Job execution agency, Executing department and 
number of person/s at work. 
Section C: Nature of Work  
Specify the nature of Work. 
Section D: Tool and Equipment to be used  
Specify the tools/equipment required to carry out the work. 
Section E: Hazard Consideration  
Specify hazards considered in JSA sheet for the job. 
Section F:  Job and Equipment Preparation.  
Specify the compliance ensured to execute the job. 
Section G: PPEs and Fire Protection 
Specify the job specific PPE’s required. (Refer SDS for selection of PPEs for chemicals being 
involved with the job). Specify appropriate fire protection if required. 
Section H: Isolation. 
1) Electrical Isolation 
Refer electrical LOTO procedure.  
Note: Electrical isolation key must be kept with executing agency. 
2) Other Isolation 
Process Isolation: Ensure the system is free from hazardous material, pressure etc. 
• Depressurized the system by suitably draining/venting of process material in 
a safe manner.  
• Wash/de-contaminate the system. 
• Positive isolation (blinding), locking & tagging 
Mechanical Isolation 
• Locking of rotating parts by clamping/chain etc. 
• Draining of other energy sources such as depressurization, hydraulic, kinetic 
energy prior to locking. 
• Ensure the mechanical isolation is done (For positive isolation standard tail 
blind to be used/Double block & bleed. OR remove the connected line) and th e 
permit is signed by the person isolated the system. 

=== PDF PAGE 14 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 14 of 79 
Section I: GAS Test: Accepted value of gas testing result. 
 
General Guidelines for Gas Tester: 
i. Authorized Gas Tester: Gas testing is to be done by an authorized gas tester 
(trained, approved and listed in the Permit Matrix). 
ii. Equipment Checking : Ensure that the gas detection equipment/instrument is 
calibrated and suitable for detecting the specific gases that may be present. It is 
suggested to read OEM/manual/ brochure for gas testing equipment. 
iii. Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) : Wear appropriate PPE, such as gloves, 
safety glasses, and a gas mask if necessary. 
iv. Area Inspection : Inspect the area wher e the hot work will be performed to 
identify potential sources of gas. 
v. Gas Detector Setup: Turn on the gas detector as per manufacturer's instructions. 
vi. Baseline Reading: Take a baseline reading in a safe area to ensure the detector 
is functioning correctly. 
vii. Test at Different Levels: Conduct the gas test at various levels (e.g., ground level, 
mid-level, and high level) to detect any stratified gases. 
viii. Wherever forced ventilation is used, gas test should be carried out after 
minimum 10 min of stopping the educator/fan/blower.  
ix. Gas testing in confined spaces must be revalidated before reentry if there has 
been a break of more than one hour. 
x. If there is any abnormality found the work must be stopped immediately and 
inform the permit issuer and responsible person.  
Frequency of Gas testing: 
    For Hot Work: 
Gas testing shall be carried out at least once every 2 hours within 15 M of the work site 
by the authorized gas tester if hot work is at close proximity of area where there is 
potential fire and/or explosion risk.  
 
 
Allowable limit for gases 
Oxygen Toxic Gases Flammable Gases 
19.5% to 23.5 % Zero Zero 

=== PDF PAGE 15 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 15 of 79 
For Confined Space Entry:  
1. Entry to the confined to made within 1 hrs. of gas testing otherwise conduct gas testing 
again. 
2. A periodic gas testing, using portable gas testing instrument to be done, every 2 hrs. 
3. It is suggested If Continuous gas monitor is available is to be used inside the confined 
space to quickly detect the change in atmospheric conditions inside the Confined Space. 
                      Oxygen concentration:  
• Wherever forced ventilation is used. The gas test should be carried out after 
minimum 10 min of stopping the educator/fan/blower.  
• Gas testing in confined spaces must be revalidated before reentry if there has 
been a break of more than one hour. 
• If there is any abnormality found the work must be stopped immediately and 
inform the permit issuer and responsible person.  
    NOTE: 
• Carry out regular gas test of confined spaces, where there is possibility of gas 
generation due to nature of work, being performed inside, such as removal of 
sludge, hot works, etc.  
Section J, K, L & M  
Following sequence must be followed for getting signature & job clearance on permit. 
          Sequence of approval for issuing a permit: ( 1 means 1 st singing person 2 means 2 nd signing     
person and so on.) 
Type of Permit Cold 
Work 
Hot 
Work 
Confined 
Space Excavation Rigging 
job 
Work at 
Height 
Line 
Breaking Radiography Hydraulic/Pneumatic 
System 
Section: J  1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Permit Issuer  
Section: H 
Isolation 2 2 2 
2 
NA NA 2 2 NA Excavation 
Clearance 
(Section F)  
Section: M                    
Approver I - 3 3 3 3 2 3 3 - 
Approver II - 4 4 4 4 - 4* - - 
Section: L 
Permit Acceptor  3 5 5 5 2 3 5 4 2 
Section: K  4 6 6 6 5 4 6 5 3 
Area operator  
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 16 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 16 of 79 
* Defined chemicals with hazards 
Section N 
Following sequence must be followed for permit closing/ cancellation. 
Sequence of permit closing: (1 means 1stsinging person 2 means 2nd signing person and so on.) 
 
Type of Permit Cold 
Work 
Hot 
Work 
Confined 
Space Excavation Rigging job Work at 
Height 
Line 
Breaking Radiography 
Hydraulic/
Pneumatic 
System 
Permit 
Acceptor 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 
Area 
Operator 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 
Permit 
Issuer 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 
Power 
Restored 4 4 4 4 NA NA 4 4 NA 
 
• When the work is complete, all copies of the permit should be reunited at the issuing 
point.  
• The Permit Issuer or his delegate and the Permit Holder should then inspect the work site 
and jointly confirm that they are satisfied that the work has been compl eted as intended 
and the worksite has been left in a safe and tidy condition. Only then the Permit Issuer 
should sign off the permit. 
• After completion of jobs executing department to give isolation key to permit issuer. After 
conformation all the required jobs are done permit issuer will call electrical department 
to energize the equipment. 
• In case of any trial required after electrical energization permit issuer, permit acceptor and 
electrical person must be present and do trial checkup.  
Note: Anyone can stop working on site if the job execution is violating agreed permit 
conditions. Reason to stop the work or closure must be written on permit. 
3.7  Permits are not applicable for the following areas / activities: 
• Resetting of electrical trips and alarms. 
• Routine work like Tanker loading and unloading (connection / disconnection) and any 
other routine activities which are done by qualified trained persons as per SOP, very 
frequently. 
• Truck loading unloading /Scrap loading unloading. 
• Conditional monitoring of running equipment’s by CES Department personnel as they 
have defined SOP. 
• Identified and approved by Unit Head/Deputy Unit Head as non-permit area/job. 

=== PDF PAGE 17 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 17 of 79 
3.8 Permit Validity, Extension and Approver: 
 
• All permit to be revalidated during every shift change and has to sign on the permit. 
• Permit to be revalidate if any issuer, operator or acceptor change during work and has to 
sign on permit.   
• All permits issued by the A -shift engineer need to be extended before 15:45 hrs. B - Shift 
team has to sign the permit. 
• All permits issued by the G shift engineer that need to be extended after 17:40 Hrs, must 
be revalidated and signed by the B shift engineer within one Hrs. 
• If both the Head of Department (HOD) and the assigned L4 person are not available (during 
w/off /Holiday), PTW will be approved b y SDO/NDO after obtaining approval from the 
concerned plant HOD via email. 
 
3.8.1 PTW Validity and Extension 
Type of 
Permit/Validity 
Cold Work Permit & 
Height Work 
Hot Work/Confine Space/ /Excavation/Rigging 
Job/Line Braking /Radiography/ Hydraulic 
/Pneumatic System. 
VALIDITY 
08 Hrs. from issue time 
or shift end whichever is 
earlier 
08 Hrs. from issue time or shift end whichever 
is earlier 
EXTENSION 
7 days if the condition of 
work is remained 
unchanged (Review and 
signed JSA every day) 
24 Hrs. for the same day but extend in each 
shift starting 
 
Note: For Project work within the operating plant permit validity, Approval requirement & extension 
will remain the same. 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 18 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 18 of 79 
3.8.3 Permit Approval       
 9:00 Hrs to 17:30 Hrs 17:30 Hrs to 23:00 Hrs 23:00 Hrs to 09:00 Hrs 
Cold Work Approver Sign Not Required Approver Sign Not Required Approver Sign Not Required 
Hot Work Approver I And Approver II Approver I And Approver II Approver II 
Confined Space Approver I And Approver II Approver I And Approver II Approver III 
Excavation Below 1.8 Approver I And 
Approver II 
Below 1.8 Approver I And 
Approver II 
Below 1.8 Approver II 
Work at Height Approver I Approver I Approver II 
Line Breaking Approver I And Approver II Approver I And Approver II Approver II 
Radiography Approver I  Approver I And Approver II Approver II 
Rigging job Approver I Approver I And Approver II Approver II 
 
  Note: 
1) 23:00 Hrs to 09:00 Hrs: (if fresh permit is being issued /extension is required then NDO may be 
requested to sign with communication on the mail by Approver II. 
2) Approver I (L4) is authorized as Approver II in absence of Approver II (HOD). Approver I name 
should     be included as Approver II in permit matrix. 
3) Rigging Plan must be approved as per checklist HSE/SAF/F/27  
i)  For load ≤15 MT rigging plan should be approval by Maintenance Engineer, Maintenance 
Manager and Maintenance HOD. 
ii) For load > 15 MT rigging plan should be approval by Maintenance Engineer, Maintenance 
Manager, Maintenance HOD, CES / Project head. For load > 30 MT additional Engineering Head 
approval required. 
3.8.4 Permit Extension During Annual Shutdown:  
          Same as per regular Procedure, however permit relaxation in permit approver can be taken from 
unit head on mail.  
        3.9 PTW Rule for Hot Work at Contractor’s Fabrication Yard Located Inside Plant. 
3.9.1 Permit Issuance and Validity:  
• Permit will be issued on Monday and will be valid from Monday to Saturday. 

=== PDF PAGE 19 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 19 of 79 
• On Sunday, only essential job will be done with prior permission. Issuing and 
approval authorities will be as per safety districts. 
3.9.2 Specific Locations and Responsibility: 
For hot work activity at contractor’s shed near CPP- South, CaCl2- East, central work shop: 
3.9.2.1 Permit issuer: Mechanical Engineer from Central Engineering. 
3.9.2.2 Permit Approver: HOD of Central Engineering. 
3.9.2.3  Permit Receiver: Contractor Supervisor/other Mechanical Engineer. (Note: He/ She 
must not be issuer)  
3.10 PTW rule for operating equipment in other area. 
At Dahej site, there are some Safety Districts in which a part of the area is being operated /used 
by other departments/district owners. In such cases, following clarification is to be used. 
3.10.1 Issue of Permit to be done by user. 
3.10.2 Maintenance and preventive maintenance to be done by user maintenance team.  
For Example: -1) PFA MMT location in PTFE: Issuer PFA team & Receiver PFA Maintenance 
team.  
1) TFE 1 Electrical Transformer: Issuer Electrical Engineer & receiver Maintenance electrical 
team. 
2) AHU location in PTPTFE plant: Issuer Utility Engineer & Maintenance Utility Mechanical 
Team. 
 
Note: All such permit must be counter sign by safety district owner/area issuer.  
 
3.11 Road Closer & PTW: The Respective plant HOD has to take approval for road closer and alternate 
route from HSEF, Security, and Logistics teams via email at least 24 hours in advance. 
 
3.12   Permit-To-Work in Electrical Substation/ Electric Sub -district/Electrical Transformer, Panels 
room. 
• PTW is issue by department electrical engineer & accepted by the electrical engineer (executor). 
• PTW is to be counter signed by process shift engineer of respective Safety District /affecting the 
plant. 
Note:  1) Electrical department has to prepare permit matrix as per format given in annexure.  
  2) For further clarification, please refer Electrical Safety Standard and Site Procedure. 
 

=== PDF PAGE 20 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 20 of 79 
3.13  PTW in Utility Area: 
• PTW is issue by Department Utility Engineer & Accepted by the Utility Engineer (executor). 
•  PTW is to be counter signed by process shift engineer of respective Safety District /affecting 
the plant.  
       Note:  1) Utility department has to prepare permit matrix as per format given in annexure.  
3.14    PTW Management for the Process Related Activities (where mech/elect/Inst department is not 
involved) 
• PTW is issue by the Operations Engineer and accepted by other aut horized Process 
Engineer.  
 
3.15 Fire Water Line Related Work  
 Please follow HSEF guidelines. 
 
3.16 The Work Permit Format distribution 
• A minimum of two copies of the permit are needed: 
• The Permit Acceptor copy displayed on site. 
• The Permit Issuer copy held at the issuing point. 
• It is important that the Permit holder of the permit has a copy readily available for 
reference by the work group and by persons conducting inspections of the work. The 
permit, and any supporting documents, should therefore be displayed at the work site. 
4.0 PTW DETAILS FOR VARIOUS TYPES OF JOBS: 
In case of Conflict between PTW & individual procedure, individual procedure to be consider 
final.  
4.1 Work at Height: 
Work at height permit is required to perform any Maintenance / inspection work at and 
above 1.8 meters elevation from ground level where permanent platforms / railings are not 
available.  
   Examples of “Working at Height” are: 
1. Flat roofs, slopping roofs, fragile roof 
2. Structure erection/ special structure 
3. Working on pipe racks and cable trays, 
4. Working on flat and sloping tank roofs, 
5. Working on tall structures like lighting towers, chimneys, electrostatic precipitators, 
transmission towers, cooling towers etc. 

=== PDF PAGE 21 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 21 of 79 
6. Insulation of piping at height 
7. Confined space work at Height 
8. Loading and unloading of materials from trucks 
9. Working near Excavations 
10. Working on Bucket Trucks and Man lifts 
11. Painting works inside or outside the building 
 
The Work at height permit issuer is requires to ensure that: 
• A P-JSA is carried out for all work conducted at height. 
• People working at a height are medical fit. 
• Equipment used for work at height is properly inspected and maintained. 
• Risks from fragile surfaces are properly controlled.  
• The P -JSA should include a careful examination of what harm could be caused from 
working at height with a view to taking the effective steps to reduce the likelihood of this 
harm occurring, either through avoiding the activity or, whe re this is not reasonably 
practicable, by carrying it out in a safe manner using work equipment that is appropriate 
to the task and the level of risk. 
General Medical fitness is prerequisite for the persons performing all the job at height. 
In additions the following must be done: 
• Hypertension / High blood pressure 
• Epilepsy fits (Past History of illness) 
• Vertigo/Height Phobia 
 
Employees (including Contractors) who have not undergone additional medical check -up, 
required for ‘Work at Height’ must not be deployed on height work. 
 
Medical tests performed for Work at Height is valid for in six months. 
                      
Refer to the GFL “Work at Height” Standard for details of mandatory requirements and safeguards of 
working at Height. 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 22 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 22 of 79 
4.2 Hot Work:  
Few Examples of ‘Hot Work’ - the use or operation of any of the following: 
• Welding or flame cutting equipment 
• Grinder, electric drill or other non-flameproof electrical equipment 
• Hammering, chipping, drilling (particularly in the presence of fla mmable/ combustible/ 
explosive atmospheres) 
• Spark ignition engines or vehicle movement in plant area or non -approved compression 
ignition engines. 
• Match, naked flame, cigarette lighter, flame or spark 
• Hand tools that may create a spark 
• Non-flameproof electric cables, cords, switches, lights, connectors or fittings 
• Any device, which is likely to produce a source of ignition or be an ignition source, e.g. cell 
phones, pagers, radios, etc. 
• Hot Work shall not be carried out in or adjacent to any hazardous area unless a Gas Test 
has been carried out using an approved explosimeter/toxic gas meter.  
• The area or site shall be certified free of flammable vapors and gases and a “Hot Work 
Permit” issued by an authorized GFL signatory. 
• A gas/vapor barrier fence may be required in some circumstances to exclude vapors from 
the work area. 
•  A fully charged fire extinguisher (pressure needle healthy sign) must always be stationed 
within easy reach in the work area where hot work is involved. 
• Whenever any hot work is carried out in a highly flammable area then the presence of 
trained fire watch man/stand bay person is must, with necessary accessories near the spot 
where hot job to be carried out. 
• P-JSA is required to be carried out for all work conducted as Hot work. 
                         
                             Refer to the GFL “Hot Work” Standard for details of mandatory requirements 
 
4.3 CONFINED SPACE ENTRY: 
A Confined Space: 
• Is not intended as a regular workplace; 
• Has restricted means for entry and exit; 
• May have inadequate ventilation and/or an atmosphere which is either contaminated or 
oxygen- deficient; and is at atmospheric pressure during occupancy. 

=== PDF PAGE 23 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 23 of 79 
• Confined Spaces include, but are not limited to: - tanks, vessels, vaults, certain pipelines, 
certain pits, elevated water towers, boilers, columns, reactors, spheres, silos, sumps, 
sewers, underground service and column skirts (those skirts where operator  goes for 
valve operations is excluded from the definition, provided there is cross ventilation and 
there are two opening for ingress and egress.)  
• Note that these spaces could reasonably have atmospheres that are oxygen deficient or 
contain other hazards, typical examples of confined space hazards. 
• These spaces are subjected to potential hazards, viz., accumulation of toxic or flammable 
gas, vapors, inert gas, oxygen deficient (<19.5%v/v), flooding of liquid, steam or any other 
hazardous substance or development of hazardous conditions. 
• A Work permit must be issued before a person enters a Confined Space, and before the 
issue of the Work permit, a formal documented P-JSA must take place.  
• The Work permit must specify details of the location and the type of work to be done, 
with the P-JSA attached or cross referenced, and with the necessary protective measures 
detailed or attached. 
• Use of Destress meter is also mandatory when person entering inside the confined space. 
4.3.1 Entry into a Confined Space must be in accordance with GFL Standard and a 
requirement demanded by legislation. Thus: 
 
No person shall enter a Confined Space unless:  
• Formal P-JSA has been completed. 
• All product and service lines entering the space are disconnected, blanked and 
checked. Drawing for the same is to be attached with the permit. 
• All mechanical equipment such as stirrers and heaters are positively disconnected and 
electrically locked off. 
• All appropriate operating and maintenance personnel are advised of the activity and 
the period for which it is approved. 
• All electric connection shall be provided with ELCB. 
• For jobs in confined spaces only 24 V Flame proof hand lamp to be used. If lighting is 
required for any job involving release of flammable vapors or work is carried out in a 
hazardous area, it is mandatory to use flameproof electrical equipment. Only 
flameproof 24 V electric hand lamp shall be used. Use of 230 V hand lamps inside 
confined space/vessel is prohibited. 
• When a person is entering confined space, the receiver must keep minimum one 
trained attendants at the manhole or entry point 
• Wherever possible, lifelines with safety harness should be used for entry into 
confined space 

=== PDF PAGE 24 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 24 of 79 
• Job involving hot work or entry into confined space, positive isolation by insertion of 
slip blinds or physical disconnection and blinding live ends are necessary. 
• Vessel entry, where no hot work is to be carried out, shall be permitted if 
combustible gases are up to 5 
percent of lower explosive limit [LEL]. Entry with an air-supplied mask shall be 
permitted with LEL of up to 20 percent.  
The Oxygen level shall be at least 19.5 to 22.5 percent volume, and the concentration 
of toxic gases below the threshold limits. 
• No cylinders of compressed gas, other than those used for self-contained breathing 
apparatus, shall be taken into a confined space. 
 
4.3.2 Emergency response plans/Rescue plan  are in place and appropriate training  is 
completed 
• Air-Supplied breathing equipment is being worn. 
• All personnel involved have been instructed, practiced and proven competent in its 
use. 
• Attendance of all personnel engaged in vessel entry, their entry and exit times is to 
be recorded. No entry during lunch /dinner breaks and shift changeover is to be 
ensured. 
• An observer attendant/Standby person carrying walkie talkie / in centric safe mobile 
(IS Mobile) is stationed immediately outside the entry to the confined space all the 
time a person is inside. 
• In case of Emergency attendant/Standby person should not g o inside confine space. 
Only ERT members/ Control room team should be communicated for rescue. 
• A minimum of a single self -contained BA set is on hand for emergency use, unless a 
P-JSA indicates additional units are required for higher risk activities, e.g.  entry into 
underground tanks where there is only a single access manhole. 
• Entrant must have a medical test performed with in last six months. Required 
parameters checkup are included in routine medical checkup. 
4.3.3 Rescue Plan: 
Job Risk Assessment to be carried out for confined space jobs. If Initial Risk is very high, 
(scoring 8 or more), A rescue plan is to be made. 
Since Dahej Site has well trained Fire Team, a well -equipped Rescue Tender and Fire 
Tenders, following steps are to followed for rescue plan. 
• PTW/Permit issuer has to inform the HoD. 
• Call Fire Team and explain the job and associated hazards. 

=== PDF PAGE 25 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 25 of 79 
• Fire team member has to visit the site and discuss a rescue plan with plant team, 
considering different scenarios. 
• Document the rescue plan. 
• Fire team has to keep his team informed and prepare the rescue equipment ready 
(rescue plan is to be made, keeping the equipment available in the rescue tender in 
mind). 
NOTE: Rescue team and Rescue Tender has to mobilized in case of actual requirement 
 
Refer to the GFL “Confined Space Entry” Standard for details of mandatory requirements and 
safeguards of working safely in a confined space. 
4.4 ELECTRIC WORK:  
4.4.1 Electrical Work permit requirement. 
This electrical work Permit is required to be taken for any maintenance, installation & repair 
related work to be carried out on electrical equipment and power operated equipment in the 
electrical safety district/sub district/panel room at GFL, Dahej Site. 
• Electrical work Permit is taken by all persons working on live or electrical equipment at the 
following locations inside the GFL Dahej Complex: 
• Electrical Switch gears, Electrical switch yards, Electrical substation. 
• Cable cellars, cable racks & cable trenches inside Substation or switchyard area. 
• Transformers and Circuit breakers, UPS System, Battery /Battery charger systems inside 
Substation or switchyard area. 
• Motors/ Motor Terminal Boxes, Power operated equipment inside Substation or 
switchyard area. 
• Actuators of motorized valves, Junction Boxes, MCC Panels , Control Stations, HVAC 
systems, Cathodic protection systems, Electrical Heat Tracing, Electrical Earthing inside 
Substation or switchyard area. 
 
4.4.2 Work permit requirement for Electrical activities. 
 
    The following examples are considered Electrical Work that required permit (for the 
purpose of this Standard):  
• The task of adding a de -energized insulated jumper to an energized terminal (120VAC or 
less) while wearing proper PPE.  
• Similar task of removing an insulated jumpers from an energized terminal (120VAC or less), 
if the removed jumper is de-energized as it is unplugged.  
• Use of approved fuse pullers and test equipment such as voltmeters, clip-on ammeters, hot 
sticks, and non-contacting voltage sensing devices for higher voltages will be considered as 
Hazardous work. 
• Normal operation of electrical welding machines.  

=== PDF PAGE 26 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 26 of 79 
•  Testing of energized electrical circuits with approved test equipment when it can only be 
done without 
interrupting the circuit. 
• Replacing electrical fittings (lamps etc.) when circuits are energized. 
• Disconnecting motors without switching off motor starter. 
• Fuse pulling and installing on energized circuits rated 415 volts and above (using 
approved tools) 
• Working on energized "draw out" type circuit breakers on 415 volts or higher.  
• Installing and removal of insulating barrier when energized circuits are nearby and beyond 
the distances prescribed for Electrical Proximity Work.  
• Installation of safety grounds when energized circuits are nearby and beyond the distances 
prescribed for Electrical Proximity Work.  
• Work on high energy "battery system" of greater than 100 Vdc.  
• All non-routine activities like Preventive Maintenance on electrical equipment. 
 
The following are examples of Electrical Work on energized equipment performed by GFL 
personnel that may not require a work permit.  
However, similar work performed by contractors require a work permit  
• Changing out fluorescent lamp and bulbs with lighting fixture de-energized.  
• Racking out / Rack -in motor starter and circuit breaker following other approved work 
procedures.  
• Polarity testing of power point in non-hazardous areas.  
• Working on electrical equipment where the maximum operating voltage is 50 Va c-gnd. or 
100 Vdc.  
• Testing of energized circuits with approved test equipment when it can only be done 
without interrupting the circuit in non-hazardous areas. 
• Racking out breakers for maintenance work on non -electrical portion of equipment less 
than 415 Vac 
• Troubleshooting of energized control circuits / relays by keeping power circuit de -
energized in Electrical district ownership areas using approved test equipment and 
applying proper PPE.  
• Troubleshooting energized control circuit in MCC/Electrical pane l Room using approved 
test equipment, applying proper PPE and applying a work plan. 
• Measurement of Current in LT feeders using calibrated measuring instruments by using 
defined PPEs as per approved procedures. 
• Daily Temperature monitoring of LT critical panels using calibrated measuring instruments 
by wearing defined PPEs as per approved procedures. 

=== PDF PAGE 27 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 27 of 79 
Refer to the GFL “Electrical Safety Management” Standard for details of mandatory 
Requirements. 
4.5. LINE BREAKING: 
Line breaking refers to the controlled opening of piping, ductwork, or 
containment systems that hold hazardous materials. This activity is considered 
high-risk due to the potential release of chemicals, gases, or steam, which can 
pose serious hazards to personnel and the environment. 
This procedure applies to lines containing high pressure, high vacuum, 
corrosive, flammable, toxic, or hazardous fluids. Water supply, Process water, 
steam below 3 Kg/cm² and airline systems are excluded from line-breaking 
permits. 
First breaking/opening of the line must be done in presence of filed 
operator/process engineer.  
Examples of Line Breaking Activities 
• Removing bolts( even single bolt) from flanges 
• Opening valves to release material 
• Removing valve bonnets and check valves 
• Turning spectacle plates (blanks/blinds) 
• Disconnecting tubing or hoses 
• Penetrating a line by mechanical means 
• Opening inspection ports or sight glasses 
• Replacing gland packing on valves 
• Making the first cut on isolated pipelines 
Approver I & Approver II requirements: 
• PTW line breaking activities involving the following hazardous materials (but not limited 
to) require approval I & Approval II signature on PTW. 
1. Sulfuric Acid 
2. Chlorine 
3. Methanol 
4. Natural Gas 
5. Caustic Soda 
6. Hydrochloric Acid 
7. Anhydrous Hydrofluoric Acid 
8. Diethyl Ether (DHF) 
9. Chloroform 
10. Chlorodifluoromethane (R-22) 

=== PDF PAGE 28 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 28 of 79 
11. Tetrafluoroethylene (TFE) 
12. Ammonia 
13. Nitric Acid 
14. Methyl Chloride 
15. Methylene Dichloride (MDC) 
16. Carbon Tetrachloride (CTC) 
17. Florine gas 
For all other line breaking activities, only approver 1 signature is required and PTW will 
be issue as per below Table. The permit issuer to decide the job execution team. 
           Ownership of line passing through multiple district: 
Condition Line Layout Description Line Owner 
1 Single supplier to single receiver. Supplier Plant/Utility plant 
2 Single supplier to multiple receivers. Supplier plant/Utility plant 
3 Multiple suppliers to single receiver.  Receiver/Utility plant 
Note: In reference of above additional approval sign must be taken from district owner.  
 Responsibilities of Line Owner 
➢ Lockout or Isolation: Ensure isolation from supplier and receiver sides, tagging 
and locking. 
➢ Hazard Identification: Assess toxicity, flammability, pressure, temperature, and 
secondary energy sources. 
➢ Draining and Decontamination: Drain low points, vent high points, flush and 
purge lines. 
➢ Tagging and Isolation: Tag valves and blinds; keep valves open to avoid trapping 
material. 
➢ Permit Coordination: Issue permit from safety district owner. 
➢ Job Turnover: Review job scope before and after work. 
 
System Preparation (Clearing & Verification) 
• Drain low points and vent high points 
• Flush or purge lines until hazards are reduced 
• Verify cleanliness and absence of trapped pressure 
• Stop work if hazards persist 
Job Planning Details 
• Hazard list and isolation points 
• Flushing and clearing steps 

=== PDF PAGE 29 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 29 of 79 
• PPE requirements 
• Standby person duties 
• Contingency plans 
• Control of entry 
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) 
Minimum                               : safety shoes, helmet, splash goggles, face shield. 
Chemical/Corrosive/Toxic  : chemical-resistant suit, gloves, boots, SCBA if required. 
Flammable/Explosive         : flame-resistant suit, nitrile gloves, SCBA as needed. 
Steam/Nitrogen/Gas         : face shield, leather gloves, SCBA for oxygen-deficient 
areas. 
Job Execution 
• Barricade work area 
• Verify safety shower operability 
• Perform initial break away from line of fire 
• Loosen bottom bolts slowly 
• Use secondary containment 
• Stop and consult operations if plugs or pressure are found 
Box-up and Return to Service 
• Reassemble with correct bolts and gaskets 
• Inspect integrity and cleanliness 
• Remove isolation as per PTW closure 
• Conduct turnover review and document sign-offs 
 
Refer to the GFL “Line Breaking” Standard  & Site procedure for details. 
 
4.6 EXCAVATION ACTIVITIES: 
• For any excavation activity 30 cm or deeper, obtain signatures from Electrical, 
Instrumentation, Utility, and HSE departments to confirm the absence of underground 
utilities in the marked area. 
• A one-time approval is required for the same excavation area, and the approved permit 
must be attached to the next day's permit. 
• If any underground utility is present in marked area, then concern dept. must written in 
permit & confirm manual / Mechanical Excavation on permit. 
• Excavation area should be free from fumes/gases heavier than air because it may cause 
suffocation or poisoning.  
• All excavation of depth more than 1.2 m or more should be treated as confined space and 
permit for entry into confined space should be obtained. 

=== PDF PAGE 30 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 30 of 79 
• Excavation to a depth of 1 m or more shall be cut stepped back to give a suitable slope or 
securely held by bracing so as to avoid the danger of side to collapse. 
• Barricading of 1 m height (with red and white band/ self -glowing caution boards) should 
be carried out for excavation beyond 1.5 m depth. 
• Excavated earth shall not be dumped within 1 m of the edge of the excavati on or depth 
the trench whichever is more. 
• No vehicle should be allowed to go too close to the edge of the excavation because it may 
cause side collapse. Maintain at least 2 m distances from the edge of the excavation. 
Adequate and well -anchored stop blocks  should be provided on the surface to vehicle 
being driven reversed into the excavation. 
• No mechanical excavation is to be carried out up to a depth of 1.5 m from the ground level 
in operating areas. In such cases manual excavation is required to be carrie d out up to a 
depth of 1.5 m from the ground level. 
Note -Test pits of 01 M deep are required to be excavated before actual excavation is started 
and all checking to be verified from concern authority prior to permit approval. 
4.7. RADIOGRAPHY JOB REQUIREMENTS AND PERMITS: 
• The radiography should preferably be carried out at a time, when occupancy is least. 
• The supervisor must be available at site during the radiography work. 
• Although radiography jobs do not qualify as hot jobs by definition, they still require a 
hot work permit due to the involvement of radioactive sources. 
 
                           Before issuing permitting to start Radiography, ensure: 
• TLD badge should be available with Radiographer 
• Availability of Dosimeter and Radiation level Survey meter and its type  
• Signage display 
• Area barricading according to safe distance required 
• Warning signal  
• Information to surrounding plant and no other activities allowed in surrounding area. 
                     Work Involving Radioactive Sources: 
• The isolation or restoration of a radioactive source, including the use of mobile X -
ray/radiography equipment.  
• For radiography jobs on pipelines or equipment, the isolation and restoration of the 
radioactive source are essential.  
• A separate radiation permit must be issued for works related to radiography. 
• Type of Radiation: 

=== PDF PAGE 31 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 31 of 79 
• X-Ray & Gamma Ray: Ir-192, Co-60 
• Number of Sources: _____________Radiation Activity (Intensity):__________ Specify 
intensity in kV/Ci.  
              Measurement and Control of Radiation Exposure: 
1. Collimator 
2. Radiation survey meter 
3. Film badge 
4. Concrete wall barrier 
5. Pocket dosimeter 
6. Alarm/Lamp 
Specify Barricade Off Distance: ____________ 
4.8 RIGGING JOBS: 
• Pre-Job Meeting:  Conduct a meeting with all personnel involved in the rigging job to 
discuss the plan, potential hazards, and emergency procedures 
• Equipment Inspection: Inspect all rigging equipment, including cranes, slings, and hooks, 
to ensure they are in good working condition and meet safety standards 
• Execution of Work: Perform the rigging job as per the approved plan, ensuring all safety 
measures are followed. Continuous monitoring is essential to address any issues that arise 
• Post-Job Review: After completing the job, conduct a review to identify any incidents or 
near-misses and document lessons learned for future reference. 
• Rigging Plan must be approved as per checklist HSE/SAF/F/27  
•  i) For load ≤15 MT rigging plan should be approval by Mainte nance Engineer, 
Maintenance Manager and Maintenance HOD. 
• ii) For load > 15 MT rigging plan should be approval by Maintenance Engineer, 
Maintenance Manager, Maintenance HOD, and CES / Project head. 
• iii) For load > 30 MT rigging plan should be approval by Ma intenance Engineer, 
Maintenance Manager, Maintenance HOD, CES / Project head and Engineering Head. 
 
4.9 HYDRAULIC AND PNEUMATIC SYSTEM WORK:  
• Any machine & equipment where hydraulic energy like hydraulic jaw, hydraulic doors, 
chambers, cutters, hammers, pusher and lifting hydraulic tools where pneumatic energy 
is stored & used for operating, functioning of the machine. 

=== PDF PAGE 32 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 32 of 79 
• Many hydraulic & pneumatic operated equipment working require a full hazard analysis 
during maintenance & repair as store hydraulic/pneumatic en ergy of the equipment 
having high potential hazard for accident if release suddenly, so release the hydraulic 
pressure or pneumatic pressure of related in an operating system prior to removing or 
adjusting components.  
• The hot fluid in the system is under extreme pressure. If a worker is exposed to hydraulic 
fluid while removing or adjusting components, he or she may sustain burns, bruises, 
cuts, abrasions, or injection of fluid into the skin.  
• Do not rely solely on the hydraulic lift if you must work on hydraulic components with 
the system raised. Set the working unit on blocks as a precautionary measure. 
  
5. ROAD CLOSER: 
• The Respective plant HOD has to plan the road closure and inform to the HSEF, 
Security, SSM and Logistics teams via email at least 24 hours in advance. 
• The Respective plant HOD & engineer Incharge decide on the road/street to be 
blocked and alternate route to be use.   
• The Respective plant HOD has to marked (Road Blocked & alternate route) on the 
plant layout and share to the HSEF, Security, SSM and Logistics teams via email at 
least 24 hours in advance. 
• The Respective plant HOD must obtain road block approval via email from the HSEF 
and Security teams for the period between 09:00 AM and 05:30 PM. For the period 
between 05:30 PM and 09:00 AM, approval must be obtained from the Deputy Unit 
Head or Unit Head. 
• The Security and Logistics teams have to manage traffic and transportation 
according to the road block and alternate route decided. 
• SSM must mention the road closure in the daily report for management's 
information every day until the road is clear. 
 
6. FOR FIRE WATER NETWORK ISOLATION 
 Approval from the HSE department is required, with the knowledge of the Unit Head and 
Deputy Unit Head. 
7. Changes in Conditions & Emergency Action: 
 
• In the event of any of the following circumstances occurring during the course of an 
activity under permit, the Permit Holder must refer back to the Permit Issuer (through 
Permit Acceptor) on the appropriate course of action: 
• The specified equipment or tools to be used not being available. 

=== PDF PAGE 33 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 33 of 79 
• The type & nature of work changes. 
• The process conditions change (e.g., unexpected release of gas from a nearby tank) 
• An emergency in the area. 
• Weather conditions change. 
 
8. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
Table 1: Summary of appropriate people to fill each role 
 Can Be a 
contractor 
Issue Permits to 
others 
Self-
Permit? 
Appoint Permit 
Issuers 
Stop Work on 
site if necessary 
Audit 
System 
Unit Head No No No Yes Yes Yes 
Permit Approver No No No Yes Yes Yes 
Permit Issuer No Yes No No Yes No 
Permit Acceptor No No No No Yes No 
Permit Holder Yes No No No Yes No 
Area Operator Yes No No No Yes No 
 
Table 2: Roles and responsibilities in PTW 
Sr 
No. 
Name / Designation PTW System 
Manager 
Permit 
Approver 
Permit 
Issuer 
Permit 
Acceptor 
Permit 
Holder 
Area 
Operator 
1 Unit Head/Dy Unit Head Yes Yes     
2 Plant Manager (HOD 
Operations)/Functional Head 
 Yes     
3 Maintenance Manager (HOD)  Yes Yes    
4 Head, Project Yes Yes     
5 Project Managers  Yes     
6 Construction 
Manager/Engineer 
  Yes    
7 Shift In-Charge  Yes Yes    
8 Shift Engineer 
(Operation/Maintenance) 
   Yes Yes Yes 
9 Shift Operator      Yes 
10 Maintenance Supervisor    Yes Yes  
11 Plant Technician    Yes Yes  
12 Maintenance Contractor    Yes* Yes  
* In Project Areas/Activities only 
 
Set out below are the principal roles and associated responsibilities required in operating a 
Permit to Work system. 

=== PDF PAGE 34 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 34 of 79 
 
8.1  Unit Head/Project Manager: Refer PTW Corporator Standard.  
8.2  Permit Issuer: 
• The Permit Issuer (PI) is responsible for writing the permit for his/her safety district/Sub 
district/operating equipment/owner of equipment and for identifying (in conjunction with 
the person who is to undertake work/contractor if practical) hazards, risk s and controls 
required to manage the risks.  
• He must confirm that the hazards have been correctly identified and P -JSA and, that the 
proposed controls are adequate. The permit issuer has the requisite training, experience 
and competence in the PTW system.  
• A permit Issuer can only be authorized to issue Permits in areas where they are trained to 
do so, e.g. Toxic Gas/oxygen Testing, Confined Space Entry, Hot Work, Working at Height 
etc.  
                           The Permit Issuer is responsible for the following:  
• Confirming that all hazards associated with the work have been identified, assessed, and 
managed and all relevant parties have provided their input and agree with the 
precautions. 
• Ensuring that the permit accurately details the scope of works and that the documented 
controls combined are adequate to ensure the work can be completed in a safe manner.  
• Ensuring that all necessary supporting permits/certificates, Checklist, P-JSA and drawings 
are attached or referred to in the permit.  
• Ensuring that the Permit Holder knows the exact location of the work, all the hazards 
that may be present and all the precautions and controls that must be taken during the 
work  
• Ensuring that the Permit Holder understands all the hazards and controls, will explain 
them to the work group, and will ensure they are maintained throughout the work.  
• If discussion at the work site and checking the controls are delegated to another 
member of the operating team, the Permit Issuer still takes full responsibility for 
authorizing the work to go ahead.  
• Confirming that all operational preparations, including process clearance and isolations, 
have been completed.  
• Confirming that the work site is safe for the work to proceed.  
• Specifying on the permit any additional precautions that need to be taken during the 
work.  
• Identifying any conflicts between the proposed work and other activities in the area, and 
if necessary, cross-referencing the permits.  

=== PDF PAGE 35 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 35 of 79 
• Informing all people who may be affected by the work.  
• Knowing the status of the work at all times,  
• Signing off and canceling the permit when the work is complete or suspended.  
• The PI can only delegate their authority during a period of absence. Authority can only 
be delegated to another PI who satisfies the competencies required for a PI, as outlined 
in  
• The PI must notify the custodian if their responsibilities have been delegated. 
8.3 Permit Acceptor (Person who is responsible to execute work)  
• The permit acceptor is normally Company staff but in certain instances (e.g., in a project 
site) may be the contractor.  
• There are many activities that will be undertaken where the contractor is more of an 
expert than Company staff.  
• It is not the purpose of the PTW system, or the Work Permit, to advise the contractor 
how to specifically address the expertise issues in their scope of work – the contractor 
will address this via completion of the P-JSA.  
• The permit, when combined with a P-JSA, and contractor expertise, ensures that EHS 
risks involved in the work are addressed.  
• Permit acceptor shall be responsible for executing the entire work in full compliance 
with the permit requirements.  
 
               His/her responsibilities include the following:  
• Give tool box talk to permit holder and manpower involve in work. Mention their name 
in Permit and take signature.  
• Understanding the potential hazards  
• Understanding how the hazards are controlled. 
• Knowing the emergency situations likely to occur in the work area and actions to be 
taken including evacuation procedure.  
• Ensuring that the permit holder understands all the hazards and controls, will explain 
them to the work group, and will ensure they are maintained throughout the work.  
• Informing all people who may be directly affected by the work.  
• Signing and accepting the permit.  
• Knowing the status of the work at all times,  
• Transferring duties formally  
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 36 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 36 of 79 
8.4 Permit Holder - Worker(s) who carryout Work  
• The permit holder(s) shall be responsible for commencing and completing the authorized 
task while fully complying with all the requirements as listed in the permit. His/Their 
responsibilities include the following:  
• Knowing and understanding the potential hazards.  
• Knowing how to use PPE and complies.  
• Knowing and understanding how the hazards are controlled.  
• Knowing the emergency situations likely to occur in the work area and actions to be taken 
including evacuating the area.  
• Knowing the terms and conditions of safe work  
8.5 Permit Approver I/II/III 
• The Permit Approver shall be responsible for ensuring that the hazards have been 
evaluated, adequate controls are provided and precautions are specified in the permit. 
He/she is responsible for the following:  
• Knowing the hazards including potential hazards and confirming that all hazards 
associated with the work have been identified, assessed, and managed and all relevant 
agencies have provided their input and agree with the precautions.  
• Knowing how to control and manage hazards.  
• Verifying that the work area is safe to commence and carryout work, including checking 
that representative atmospheric sampling results are within the acceptable limits.  
• Confirming that the permit accurately details the scope of works and that the 
documented controls are adequate to ensure the work can be undertaken and 
completed in a safe manner.  
• Confirming that all necessary supporting permits, P-JSA are attached or referred to in 
the permit  
• Confirming that the permit holder has been explained the exact location of the work, all 
the hazards & risks that may be present and all the precautions and controls that must 
be taken during the work.  
• Confirming that the permit holder understands all the hazards and controls.  
• Confirming that all operational preparations, including process clearance and isolations, 
have been completed.  
• Signing the permit  
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 37 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 37 of 79 
8.6 Area Operator  
• Area Operator shall be responsible for ensuring that the work location has all the necessary 
safeguards available in line with the permit requirements.  
His/her responsibilities include the following:  
• Understanding the potential hazards in the work to be done and no new hazards are 
introduced during the execution of the assigned work. If the situation alters and new 
hazards occur or the safety requirements are not complied with, stop the work and inform 
the permit issuer.  
• Understanding how the hazards are controlled.  
• Knowing the emergency situations likely to occur in the work area and actions to be taken 
including evacuation procedure.  
• Take appropriate actions when an emergency occurs.  
• Ensuring that the permit holder complies with the controls and takes all specified 
precautions throughout the work.  
• Ensure that the permit holder restores the site to its original condition after completion of 
work.   
• Signing the permit.  
• Knowing the status of the work at all times. 
• Transferring duties formally.  
8.7  Authorized Toxic Gas/Oxygen Level Tester  
• The Authorized Toxic Gas/Oxygen Level Tester shall be suitably trained for the work he is 
undertaking and shall have access to and be competent to use approved and calibrated gas 
testing equipment.  
The Authorized Toxic Gas/Oxygen Level Tester is responsible for: 
• Carrying out gas tests (oxygen/ toxic gas and flammability) at the frequency specified on the 
permit and supporting certificates.  
• Stopping the work and instructing personnel to withdraw from the area whenever a gas test 
or change in conditions indicates that it is unsafe for the work to continue, then reporting 
back to the Permit Issuer. 
9. MONITOR, AUDIT & REVIEW of PTW SYSTEM 
9.1 Records 
▪ Permits to Work & supporting certificates shall be retained for a minimum period of 12 
months for reference in case of an incident investigation or for auditing purposes.  (Local 
legislation may specify a longer retention period). 
 

=== PDF PAGE 38 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 38 of 79 
9.2 In-Depth Inspections 
▪ In depth inspections should be carried out on a pre -determined frequency by persons 
independent of the  PTW System ( e.g. by line personnel from plants/areas other than 
where work is in progress (Plant HOD), SHE Personnel). The purpose of these inspections 
is to obtain an independent check on how the PTW process is operating. 
 
9.3 Audits 
▪ Each site shall audit compliance with this standard as part of its Safety audit program (this 
should include 1st and 2nd Party Audits).  
▪ Independent, qualified technical auditors should carry out audits of the operation of the 
PTW System.  
▪ These audits should be carried out as part of the EHS audit program at least annually for 
1st Party Audits and 3 yearly for the 2nd Party Audits. 
 
9.4 Deviation Process: 
           Ref CORPORATE HEALTH & SAFETY STANDARD -GFL/COR/EHSS 2002.00. 
 
9.5 Loss of Work Permit Copy 
▪ In case of lost permit, duplicate copy from permit issuer's copy may be used as original 
Permit for further processing.  
▪ In such case Permit needs to be closed by concerned HoD.  
▪ In case both copies are missing, permit shall be closed by giving  a note, which shall be 
initiated by concerned HoD and must be approved by UH. 
• Training and Communication Requirements 
▪ Training is the responsibility of each plant HOD.  In the event that interpretation or 
clarification is needed, questions shall be directed to the respective Unit Standards, Rules 
& Procedures Sub-Committee (SR&PSC), EHS Manager or the Corporate EHS. 
9.6 Contact: 
▪ The contact for this standard is the Standards, Rules & Procedure Sub-Committee 
(SR&PSC). Clarification/Interpretation regarding this standard shall be referred to 
the Chairman, Standards, Rules & Procedures Sub-Committee (SR&PSC). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 39 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 39 of 79 
10. REFERENC: 
1. Standard for Permit to work                          GFL/COR/EHSS 2002.00 Rev 01 
2. Job Safety Analysis (JSA)                                 GFL/COR/EHSS 2004.00 Rev 01 
3. Work Permit format                                        Doc. No. HSE/SAF/02, 01/07/2021, (Rev.08)  
4. Safety District Demarcation Layout              GFL-PP-DWG-SD-04-15-D0127 Rev. 02.08.2024 
5. Standard Confine Space                                 GFL/COR/EHSS 2005.00 
6. Standard Work at height and scaffolding   GFL/COR/EHSS 2001.00 
7. Standard Hot Work                                         GFL/COR/EHSS 2011.00 
8. SOP of Line breaking                                       GFL/COR/EHSS 3004.00 
9. SOP of Rigging operation / crane safety      SAF/P/26     Rev. 00 
10. Standard Excavation work                             GFL/COR/EHSS 2007.00 
11. SOP of Chemical Handling                              SAF/P/29     Rev. 01 
12. Electrical Safety Standard                              GFL/COR/EHSS 2003.00 
13. LOTO safety standard                                     GFL/COR/EHSS 2008.00 
14. Indian Standards                                         IS 17893: 2023 JUN- BUREAU OF INDIAN STANDARDS                                              
11 REVISION HISTORY: 
Rev. No Effective Date Details of Changes Reasons for Changes 
0 01-11-2023 Procure updated as per 
PTW standard First Issue 
New Standard 
GFL/COR/EHSS/2002.00 
1 31.12.2024 Procure updated as per 
PTW standard with detail 
Procedure written in detail 
2 01.02.2025 Procure updated as per 
PTW standard and Site 
detail 
Procedure update with clause 
and sub clauses  
3 01.04.2026 1) Gas testing frequency 
change from 4 Hrs to 2 
Hrs. 
2) Minor changes done in 
Entry into a Confined 
Space, Electrical activities 
and Line Breaking 
3) Electrical standard 
PTW included 
4) 2 no’s of format 
1) New Corporate safety 
Standard electrical, Confined 
space & line breaking 
procedure updated.  
2) Permit to Work corporate 
Safety revision Rev 01.  
3) Corporate Electrical 
standard 
4)  Training records & Confined 
space entrance records added 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 40 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 40 of 79 
12 ANNEXURES: 
 List of Annexures as below 
 
     SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR HOT WORK 
The following safety precautions and requirements, though not necessarily exhaustive, shall be 
observed before and during the hot work: 
1. The equipment to be worked on shall be positively isolated, both mechanically and 
electrically. Mechanical isolation shall be achieved either by disconnection, or by 
blanking following the isolation procedure. 
2. Blanking is not required for stand-alone utilities supply piping. Utilities supply in this 
instance are: process water, potable water, LP/HP De-mineralized water, soft water, 
direct/indirect sea-water, ID cooling water, chilled water, fire water, LP/HP nitrogen, 
steam, plant air, process air, instrument air and steam condensate. 
3. Prior to commencement of hot work on the utilities supply line mentioned above, it is of 
utmost important that the line to be worked on is verified to be cleared and 
depressurized. This verification can be done by: a) opening a bleed valve (drain valve); b) 
first break; or c) by doing a cold-cut. The drain valve should be left locked in open 
position throughout the duration of the hot work to prevent pressure build-up. 
4. The equipment shall be freed of liquid and gas by depressurizing, draining, venting, 
purging and flushing. 
5. In lined vessels or equipment containing pockets, recesses, double bulkheads, etc. 
precautions shall be taken to ensure that no material is trapped behind the lining. This 
may require cold drilling and steaming through behind the lining followed by gas testing. 
Where it is not possible to achieve gas free in the equipment or there is a doubt that all 
potentially hazardous materials have been removed, the space shall be inserted with 
nitrogen or water filled during hot work. 
6. Any combustible material, including paper cartons, oily rugs and grass, located nearby 
shall be removed. Oil spills or deposits around the work site shall be cleaned up. Where 
it is not practical to remove combustible materials they shall be suitably covered or 
wetted with water. 
7. Drain covers and surface manhole covers within 15 m from the work site shall be 
properly sealed throughout the work period to prevent emission of flammable vapors. 
8. If flammable liquid is present in any open drain or ditch which runs within 15m of the 
work site, it shall be dammed at locations not less than 15m from the work site and 
pumped out 
9. Any potential source of flammable gas or vapor emission, such as sampling point, vent or 
drain situated within 15m of the work site shall be rendered safe by sealing. If there is a 

=== PDF PAGE 41 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 41 of 79 
potential release of flammable gas or vapor in the vicinity of hot work, it may be 
necessary to monitor the atmosphere using continuous gas monitors which will alarm on 
detection. 
10. The equipment on which hot work is to be carried out must be certified as being gas free 
by the authorized gas tester. The equipment cannot be certified as gas free until all 
sludge, grease, scale, deposits, etc. have been removed, as subsequent work could 
disturb or heat the remaining materials and give rise to a hazardous condition. 
11. Gas free condition must also be maintained within 15m from the work site throughout 
the hot work period. 
12. If the hot work could result in the projection of material, the work site must be 
adequately contained. In the case of welding, cutting or grinding, where molten metal 
and sparks are produced, the work site must be adequately surrounded by fire resistant 
or flame retarding tarpaulin to contain such sources of ignition. Particular attention must 
be paid to elevated hot work where sparks and molten metal can fall and cause injury to 
passers-by or ignition to potential sources of flammable or combustible materials 
underneath. The immediate area around and underneath the hot work site must be 
properly barricaded or roped off with warning signs. Proper ventilation shall be used to 
ensure the hot work workers do not inhale the welding fumes. 
13. All hot work sites must be equipped with sufficient portable firefighting appliances such 
as fire extinguishers of the appropriate type, fire hose lines charged with water from the 
nearby fire hydrants. The end sections of the 2½" hose line shall be 1½" hose connected 
to the gated "Y" piece with stream/fog shut-off nozzles for easy maneuverability. 
14. The vicinity of the hot work area where there is a potential of sparks or molten metals 
falling off the ground shall be wetted with water where practicable. 
15. The Performing and Approving Authorities must monitor the progress of hot work on a 
regular basis to ensure the work group abides by the permit conditions and 
requirements. In the case where hot work, especially heavy hot work, is carried out 
reasonably close to an operating plant of 'live' system containing hazardous materials, a 
'fire watch/standby person' from the Performing Authority must be stationed at the 
work site to closely monitor and supervise the work where practicable. 
16. The sitting of mobile equipment such as welding sets and generators must be outside 
the classified hazardous area and away from the pipe-bridge carrying flammable 
materials. 
17. All electrical appliances, connectors and power sockets or extension cords to be used in 
the classified hazardous areas must be of industrial and flame-proof type. 
18. Cigarette or tobacco smoking including the use of lighters or matches at the hot work 
site is STRICTLY PROHIBITED even if the work site is covered with a hot work permit. 
 

=== PDF PAGE 42 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 42 of 79 
• Prohibited Hot Work Areas  
 
1. PESO Tank farm area 
2. Flammable chemical storage areas & process areas 
 
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS FOR EXCAVATION WORK 
           The following safety precautions, though not necessarily exhaustive, shall be observed 
where applicable in the course of excavation work to prevent injury  and property 
damage: 
 
1. Before an attempt is made to excavate, the Performing Authority must know the exact 
locations of underground facilities. 
2. No excavator or other digging machine shall be allowed to excavate close to underground 
facilities that must  be left in place. A proximity limit for machine  operations shall be 
established and the excavation completed  by hand digging. When work has to be done 
over or around electrical cables, special precautions must be  stated in the permit. If the 
underground cables, service tiles or any other piping are discovered in the course of 
excavation, the job must be suspended and the Approving Authority must be notified 
immediately. When mechanical excavator is used, a full-time contractor supervisor must 
be present at the site to guide the operator of the excavator and supervise the excavation. 
Close proximity digging with any machinery SHALL  require a GFL person  who is 
knowledgeable of the underground facilities. 
3. Where a trench to be excavated exceeds 1.5m in depth, adequate piling, shoring and 
bracing shall be provided against the bank or side to prevent it from collapsing. 
 
            Piling, shoring and bracing used in a trench excavation to protect persons against falling 
or sliding material  shall be of adequate strength. Planks used as sheet piling shall be at 
least 50mm thick. The maximum spacing  between horizontal stringers or wales shall be 
such as to keep the planks within their safe bending stress. Shores and braces shall be of 
adequate dimensions for stiffness and shall be so placed as to be effective for  their 
intended purposes. Each end of each stringer piece shall be separately braced. 
                    Where trenching of more than 4 m in depth is done, such protection shall be constructed 
in accordance with the design and drawings of a professional engineer. 
4. In every excavation exceeding 1.2m in depth, there sha ll be provided ladders, stairways 
or ramps to furnish safe access to and egress from such excavation. 
5. Excavated material should be placed at least 0.60m back from the edge of the 
excavation, unless toe boards or other effective barricades have been installed to prevent 
fallback. The excavated material should be kept away from the drains and access ways. 

=== PDF PAGE 43 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 43 of 79 
6. Open sides of an excavation where a person may fall in shall be guarded by adequate 
protective barricades and suitable warning signs shall be put up at conspicuous positions. 
If the trench is 3m or deeper, barricades made of rigid materials instead of ropes must be 
used. Covering of trench with canvas sheet or the like  without such barricades is strictly 
prohibited. 
7. Pick-and-shovel people working in  excavations should be kept far enough apart to 
prevent injury to one another. 
8. All road-crossing trenches must be covered  by steel plates of sufficient strength for 
vehicles to pass through. 
9. Vessel and Confined Space Entry Permit may be required before any person is allowed to 
enter a trench exceeding 1.5m in depth as the atmosphere in it may not be safe for entry.   
Special attention should be paid  to those trenches being dug within process area or any 
place where there are possible sources of flammable or toxic gas emission. Such emission 
sources may be from the nearby equipment or the pipes underneath the trenches. 
 
SAFETY PRECAUTIONS FOR COLD WORK 
           The following precautions (though not necessarily exhaustive) should be observed in 
relation to the performance of Cold Work: 
 
1. For work involving the opening -up or de-energizing of equipment, the Lock, Tag and Try 
Procedure must be followed. 
2. If equipment is to be opened up, it should first be depressurized, drained and purged of 
hazardous material  under valve isolation, before  positive mechanical isolation can be 
achieved. 
           The effectiveness of the valve isolation should be tested and if it is found that a valve is 
passing, appropriate  measures will have to be adopted. These may include shutting 
additional valves or taking further equipment  out of commission, the p ossibility of the 
presence of wax or ice under a valve should be considered, as subsequent melting would 
defeat the isolation. Where valve isolation is used, the valves should be locked off  with 
chain and padlock or other equally effective device, to ensure that they are  not opened 
inadvertently. 
3. If toxic gases could be present, suitable breathing apparatus should be specified. 
           The possibility of the presence of pyrophoric material should be considered before 
admitting air. If necessary, the equipment should be water flushed/filled before opening 
up and wetted down afterwards. 
4. Where hazardous materials such as hydrocarbons and chemicals are involved, mechanical 
isolation should consist of spading, blanking or disconnecting. 

=== PDF PAGE 44 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 44 of 79 
           An exception to this requirement would be some cases of minor work when locked off 
valve would suffice, providing the isolation is proved to be effective by opening drains on 
the equipment and proving those drains to be clear. 
        This exception is not made in the interests of expediency, but recognizes that swinging 
spades or making disconnection can be equally, or more hazardous, than some examples 
of minor work. 
5. Work should not be attempted on any equipment where the possibility exists of hot 
material escaping, e.g., temperature exceeds its flash point, boiling point or auto-ignition 
temperature. The material should be allowed to cool before draining  and extra care  
exercised when checking isolation integrity. 
6. Particular care is required in  achieving and proving isolation when equipment operates 
under a vacuum. 
        Wherever practicable, a formal maintenance preparatio n procedure should be written 
for any equipment  where hazards  such as hot  material or vacuum  operation are 
encountered. 
7. Where driven machinery is to be worked on, the prime mover should be positively 
isolated and any switch gear locked off as per the Lock, Tag and Try Procedure. 
8. Appropriate protective equipment must be specified. 
9. The area around any work site  must be appropriately identified  and barricaded, if 
necessary, to prevent other personnel in or passing through the area from being exposed 
to hazards. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 45 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 45 of 79 
Checklist for temporary Welding Machine/De watering pump & all other electrically operated 
portable tools  
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 46 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 46 of 79 
Checklist for Height Work Compliance: 
 
PTW: HEIGHT WORK COMPLIANCE   
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/08 
Issue 
Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  Job 
Description :  Date & Time  :  
SR. 
No. CHECKPOINTS STATUS  
(Yes / No / NA) REMARKS 
1 Is work being performed at heights above 1.8 meters using 
either a ladder or a scaffold?   
2 
Are workers instructed on the proper method to wear and use 
the full body safety harness, and how to attach it to the lifeline 
or anchorage point? 
  
3 
Are the full body safety harness, anchorage, lifeline, or fall 
arrest system inspected by a GFL authorized CES person before 
use by the workers? 
  
4 Is sufficient and secure anchorage or a lifeline provided?   
5 
Are ISI marked, high -quality, and well -maintained full body 
safety harnesses with twin lanyards used while working at 
heights? 
  
6 Has a rescue plan been developed and implemented for work 
at height?   
7 When any work at height is to be carried out, is a safe means of 
access and egress provided?   
8 Is there adequate supervision to ensure that safe work 
practices for working at heights are in place   
IF LADDER IS USE FOR HEIGNT WORK   
8 Are the ladder and scaffold in good condition and marked with 
inspection tags?   
9 Is the ladder placed on a secure and level surface?   
10 Is the ladder placed at an angle greater than 75 degrees to the 
horizontal ground?   
11 
When a ladder is used for access or as a working platform, are 
adequate handholds provided to a height of at least one meter 
above the landing point of the highest rung that a person’s feet 
will reach? 
  
IF SCAFFOLDING IS USE FOR HEIGHT WORK   
12 Has the scaffolding been erected only on rigid/ firm / level 
surfaces?   
13 Has the scaffolding been designed to bear the intended load, 
and has a load calculation certificate been issued by CES?   


=== PDF PAGE 47 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 47 of 79 
 
Authorization  Issuer Accepter Area Operator 
Name    
Signature    
Date & Time     
Note: (1) PTW-WAH to be done by issuer and accepter jointly, if required include other cross functional 
members.   
           (2) Area Operator is responsible for all the control measures and the effective implementation by 
signing this  “PTW-WAH” before start of the activity. 
Checklist for Confined space Entry Compliance 
 
PTW: CONFINED SPACE ENTRY COMPLIANCE   
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/07 
Issue 
Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  Job 
Description :  Date & Time :  
SR. 
No. CHECKPOINTS (Ref: CES Std GFL/COR/EHSS/2055.00) STATUS  
(Yes / No / NA) REMARKS 
01 
PROCEDURE FOR Working in CSE: 
Is the electrical isolation of rotating equipment done by 
removing the fuse, locking it, and tagging it? 
  
02 Are all connected pipelines, including those with CSE positively 
isolated?    
03 
Are the ends of the detached lines fitted with blinds? The blinds 
should be indicated in the drawings/register should be 
maintained. 
  
04 Are isolation tags available on the valves to prevent accidental 
operation?   
14 Is a suitable platform with a toe guard, handrail, and mid -rail 
provided?   
15 Has the scaffold been inspected and certified by an authorized 
engineer before being put into use?   
16 Is provision made to arrange a duck ladder or crawling board 
for working on fragile roofs or asbestos?   
17 
Has the scissor lift / man lifter used for work at height been 
inspected and certified by a competent person (CES person) 
before use?  
  
18 Are there any high -tension cables, honeybee combs, or other 
hazards directly above the work being performed at height?   


=== PDF PAGE 48 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 48 of 79 
05 Is the draining, washing, cleaning, and purging done properly?  Done by 
Name_________  
06 Is the CSE free from physical hazards like extreme cold or heat 
through proper cooling and air purging?   
07 Is there proper air ventilation inside the CSE, such as an exhaust 
fan or a movable blower provided with adequate capacity?   
08 
Follow Electrical Safety: 
8.1 Are only 24-volt bulbs with flameproof fittings used? 
8.2 Are there any cable joints observed? 
8.3 Is the power supply protected by an ELCB? 
  
09 Is the earthing resistance of the process vessel or tank less than 
1 ohm? (Done with planning)   
10 
Has the air quality been tested and recorded for the presence of 
toxic, poisonous, and flammable gases, as well as for oxygen 
percentage, at all locations of the vessel/confined space? and at 
different levels i.e. (top, middle and bottom) of vertical vessel, 
reactors  
  
11 
Is there a provision for a properly sized ladder (Aluminium, M.S., 
or rope type) for ascending and descending inside the CSE, 
according to location requirements? 
  
12 Is a stretcher arranged at the nearest location of the CSE 
activity, if required?   
13 A distress meter (motion meter) is arranged, and anyone 
entering the CSE must wear it.  
 
 
 
14 Have the names and details of all personnel entering the 
confined space been recorded on the permit before entry?   
15 
Arrangement of Fresh Air supplying facility (Airline respirator, 
Cascade system) available for respiratory protection against 
dangerous gases, fumes, vapours and oxygen deficient 
environment done?  (Sulfuric Acid, Chlorine, Caustic, Natural 
Gas, Methanol, HCl, Anhydrous Hydrofluoric Acid, DHF, 
Chloroform, R22 (Chlorodifluoromethane), TFE (Tetra Fluoro 
ethylene), Ammonia, Nitric Acid, Methyl Chloride, MDC & CTC 
(carbon tetra chloride)).  
  
16 
Have all jobs, inspections, and briefings on hazards and 
precautions for the confined space been completed for all 
personnel involved before starting the job? 
  
17 
Does the person entering the CSE wear a full body harness with 
a double lifeline, anchored with a separate lifeline tied outside 
the CSE at a secure location? 
  
18 Standby Person Responsibility:  
 Is there a person stationed outside the CSE near the   

=== PDF PAGE 49 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 49 of 79 
manhole/opening as a standby, equipped with communication 
tools like a walkie-talkie for proper communication? 
19 
Both the standby person and the person entering the CSE 
should be well-trained and possess sufficient knowledge about 
the process hazards and risks associated with that CSE 
  
20 Is a rescuer team member available during the CSE? Name: 
_____________________________________   
21 Is the rescuer team member trained in rescue operations?   
22 
If the work continues for an extended period, does the person 
take a 15–20-minute rest intermittently. Is a gas test conducted 
after each rest and before re-entering the CSE & Recorded? 
  
23 
Facilities Available at the location for Confined Space Entry 
Work: Multi-gas detectors with sensors for Oxygen, LEL, CO 
(carbon monoxide), H2S (hydrogen sulfide), and portable Cl2 
meters. 
1. Online airline respirators located in different location of 
the plant. 
2. SCBA sets provided in the plant control room and at key 
locations. 
3. Trained first-aiders. 
  
 
Authorization  Issuer Accepter Area Operator 
Name    
Signature    
Date & Time    
Note: (1) PTW-CSE to be done by issuer and accepter jointly, if required include other cross functional 
members.                     
           (2) Area Operator is responsible for all the control measures and the effective implementation by 
signing this “PTW-CSE”  before start of the activity.     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 50 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 50 of 79 
Checklist for Hot Work Procedure Compliance 
 
PTW: HOT WORK PROCEDURE COMPLIANCE  
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/06 
Issue Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  Job 
Description :  Date & Time :  
SR. 
No. CHECKPOINTS 
STATUS  
(Yes / No / 
NA) 
REMARKS 
A PRE-WORK INSPECTION & PREPARATION: 
01 Is the area free of flammable or combustible materials?   
02 Is firefighting equipment, including fire extinguishers (ABC 9 Kg), 
readily available, sufficient, and operational near the work location.   
03 Are the involved equipment (e.g., welding machine, gas cutting set, 
tools) in good condition, with no damage or defects   
04 
Is the LEL meter/multi -gas detector calibrated and functional? The 
normal LEL value of flammable vapor/ hazardous gases should be zero 
(Hazardous area) and never exceed 5%. LEL should be check within 2 
hrs frequency. (In flameproof area) 
  
05 Has the gas cylinder checklist been approved by the acceptor, and are 
the cylinders kept in a trolley   
06 Are earthing connection tight at electrical extension box, machine, and 
welding objects?   
07 Is the mitigation plan for the task available for emergencies and 
communicated (ensure it is covered in the P-JSA)   
09 Is the welding machine on/off switch available near the work area to 
cut off power in case of an emergency?   
10 Is the welding machine frame grounded?   
11 Are welding or thermal cutting performing in confined spaces, gas 
cylinders and welding machines kept outside?   
B TOOL BOX TALK (TBT): 
01 Gas lines purged individually before lighting the torch.   
02 Oxygen valve closed when lighting acetylene (DA Gas).   
03 The welder to avoid coiling or looping the welding electrode cable 
around parts of their body?   
C AREA PREPARATION: 
01 Hot work area should be free from combustible material at least 25 ft 
radius distance.   
02 If the area cannot be free from combustibles, is it covered with fire -
resistant materials (e.g., fire blanket)?   
03 Are workplace floors swept clean of combustible debris?   


=== PDF PAGE 51 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 51 of 79 
04 Are gaps or cracks properly sealed where sparks could enter and ignite 
hidden materials?   
D DURING HOT WORK: 
01 Is a continuous fire watch assigned to monitor any signs of sparks or 
smouldering?   
02 Is clear access to exits and firefighting equipment maintained?   
03 Are torches lit by friction lighters or other approved devices only?   
E POST-WORK PROTOCOL: 
01 Is the work area inspected and confirmed to be free of any signs of fire 
or potential ignition sources?   
02 Are the fire watch in place for at least 30 minutes after completing the 
hot work?   
03 Is hot work equipment and materials properly stored?   
 
Authorization  Issuer Accepter Area Operator 
Name    
Signature    
Date & Time    
Note: (1) PTW-HW to be done by issuer and accepter jointly, if required include other cross functional 
members.                     
           (2) Area Operator is responsible for all the control measures and the effective implementation by 
signing this “PTW-HW” before start of the activity.     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 52 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 52 of 79 
Checklist for Line Break-Job Planning Sheet 
 
 
PTW: Line Break-Job Planning Sheet   
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/26 
Issue 
Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  
Job Description :  
Date & Time :  
Job Planning sheet to be filled by shift in Charge before taking up of Line- break activity 
Identification of Hazards and Clearing method 
Hazards (Toxic/ 
flammable/ 
reactive/corrosive/high 
pressure / high temp 
etc.) 
Clearing Method 
(Draining / flushing / 
purging / venting etc.) 
Special precaution to be 
taken while clearing 
PPE to be used (Also 
mention activities in 
bracket, during which it 
is not required) 
    
Duties of Standby Person: 
Contingency Plan / Instructions in case of single isolation device is used: 
 
Authorization  Shift In-Charge Plant HOD 
Name   
Signature   
Date & Time   
Note: (1) The P&ID / sketch of the system is attached showing points of isolation/blinding, proposed 
points for clearing and points of lockout. 
(2) The above plan and information are discussed with all persons involved in the job. 
 
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 53 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 53 of 79 
Checklist for Rigging Plan 
 PTW: RIGGING PLAN   
Doc. No.   : HSE/SAF/F/27 
Issue 
Date  : 01.09.2024 
Rev. No  : 00 
PTW No. :  
Job 
Description :  
Date & 
Time :  
Plant :  
Location :  
SR. No. Details 
01 Equipment Detail (which is to be lifted) 
A. Name   
B. Dimension a. Weight: MT 
 b. Height: Mtr. 
 c. Length:  Mtr. 
02 lifting equipment detail (by which job will be lifted) 
 
Types ID No. / 
Vehicle No 
Capacity last date of examination 
by competent person SWL (MT) lifting length 
(meter) 
     
     
     
  
 
 
At this boom length and radius, as per load chart SWL=   
_____________MT 
 
Total Weight (Job+ lifting hook+ slings) is to be lifted = 
______________MT 
 
Percentage of margin = Total Weight X 100 / SWL as per load 
chart = ____% 
 
It Should be: 
75% of SWL of Crane Load Chart (When SLI and Wind velocity 
display not working) 
85% of SWL of Crane Load Chart (When SLI and Wind velocity 
display is working) 
 


=== PDF PAGE 54 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 54 of 79 
 
Designation Range of Load Name Approver 
Signature 
Maintenance Engineer  All   
Maintenance Manager All   
Maintenance HOD All    
Note: Additional Approval Shall be taken in case of load more than 15 Ton. 
Designation Range of Load Name Approver 
Signature 
CES / Project head 16 to 30 Ton   
Engineering Head More than 30 Ton   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 55 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 55 of 79 
PTW Format 
Annexure-V 
(Permit Format & Safety Precautions) HSE/SAF/02 , Rev-08 
PERMIT VALIDITY: The validity of permit must be extended if work is allowed to be continued after it has expired. Work Permit No: 
Section A:           Cold Work            Hot Work                 Confined Space                       Excavation          Work at Height           Line Breaking 
                             Rigging job            Radiography            Hydraulic/Pneumatic System                    Others ____________ 
Section B: Job Details                                                                                                                        Work Permit No.: 
Plant/Unit:   ____________       Area/Location: _________    SAP Notification. ____________ 
Job Description:  ____________                                                   Equipment Name/ tag No:   ____________                                                      
                                                  ____________                                               ____________                                           ____________ 
Job Execution Agency: Own Employees / Contractor                    Executive Department                               Number of Persons at Work:      
Section C: Nature of Work 
        Work at Height                       Welding/Gas Cutting          Hot Tapping          Opening Line/Equipment         Excavation          Civil work 
        Insulation                                 Material Handling                Painting              Work on Electrical System          Fire Network 
         Mechanical Lockout              Work on Fragile Roofs           Closure of Roads            Hydro-jetting 
        Work on Inst. Systems           Radiation Sources           Grinding/Drilling/Cutting          Online Sealing          Others ____________ 
Section D: Tools and Equipment To Be Used 
        Welding Machine                    Gas Cylinders/ Gas Cutting Set             Man Lift           Non-Sparking Tools          Mobile Crane/Winch 
        Crane/ Farana/HEMM           Lifting Tools & tackles           Portable Electric Tools           Scaffold                         Ladders         
        Grinding/Cutting/Drilling Set           Civil Hand Tools           Hydraulic Tools           Pneumatic Tools                     Lifeline 
          Mechanical Handy Tools                 Electrical Insulated Tools                  Others ____________ 
Section E: Hazard/Risk Considerations 
         Fire / Flash                    Fall from Height             Oxygen Deficiency            Chemical/Toxic Gas Exposure              
        Corrosive Mat.             Hot Surface                     Stored Energy                    Crush/Cut Injury                      Pressurized Equip. 
        Noise Exposure            Dust Exposure                Radiation Hazard               Caught inside                Electric Shock           Slip/Trip 
         Strike by                       Crush/cut Injury             Spark                                   Ergonomic                      Awkward Position           Splash                                        
         Splash                            Skin Burn                         Environment Exposure          On/ Off Site Emergency          Static Charge 
         Exposure to rotating equipment                        Simultaneously operation           Others ____________ 
Section F: Job/Equipment Preparation 
         Mechanical Isolation                                                                                                      Equipment/vessel de-pressurized/drained                                                                                    
         Equipment/Pipe Blinded                                                                                               Use of 24 Volt Lamp (Flame-Proof)                                                                                                                    
         Isolation/Blinding Tag No.  ____________                                                                Vehicle Entry Procedure Compliance                                                                                                                               

=== PDF PAGE 56 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 56 of 79 
         Grounding Electrical Equipment/Welding machine Compliance checklist          Protecting the surrounding area from sparks/fire                                                                                                                                               
         Rigging Plan                                 Road Closure Required                                           Hot Work Procedure Compliance     
         Crane/ Farana Certified             Ladder (Type: ____________)                               Drain/Sewer Cover                   Area Barricading                                                                              
         Height Work Compliance                                                                                               LOTO Compliance  
         Fire Blanket Booth              Fire Fighting Team Required                                          Lifting Tool/ Sling/ Hook Checked 
         Confined Space Entry Procedure Compliance                                                            Pre JSA Completed              Rescue Plan 
         Electrical Tool Checklist No.  ___________________________________           Cylinder Checklist No.  ____________ 
         Scaffolding clearance By:  ____________ (Sign: ____________)           Atmosphere tested for oxygen, flammable and  toxic gases 
         Excavation clearance By: Fire: ____________ Electrical: __________ Instrument: __________ IT: ________ Utility: ________     
         Stand-by Person required/ Fire watch: (Name:  ____________                             Isolation of Other Energy Source 
         Others (Please specify):  ____________ 
Section G: PPE and Fire Protection 
        Fire Extinguishers (Type:  _________  No. ________)          Fire water available/Hose ready          Fire blanket           Face Shield                     
        Safety Shoes                PVC Gloves                  Cotton Gloves           Gum Boot                Cartridge Gas Mask                    Eye Protection 
        SCBA                              Dust mask                    Chemical Gloves           Ear Plugs             Ear Muffs                                     Protective suit 
        Safety Glasses              Splash Goggles            Rubber Gloves             Distress Alarm systems          LEL Meter              Leather Gloves 
         Turtle Suit for Hydro Jetting                            Others ___________________ 
Section H: Isolation:                Electrical Energy                                                                                           Other Energy Sources 
I certify that the machine / equipment is isolated from source of 
electrical energy by Switching off / fuse removal / LOTO  
Name________________             Signature____________             
Date _____/______/_______  At __________ Hrs        
I certify that the machine / equipment is isolated from other 
source of energy 
Name________________             Signature____________             
Date _____/______/_______  At __________ Hrs        
Section I: Section I: Gas Test (for Hot Work and Confined Space Entry) 
TWO-HOURLY GAS TEST, IF REQUIRED, SHALL BE CARRIED OUT BY THE APPROVED GAS TESTER AND RESULTS RECORDED ON REVERSE OF THIS FORM. 
ATTACH A LIST OF ALL ENTRANTS INTO THE CONFINED SPACE. 
Permit Valid From ________ Hrs  To _______Hrs       Date ______________  Unless extended as below 
Permit Extended on Date ________Till ______Hrs              Name _________________        Signature ________________ 
Section J: Permit Issuer - I certify that all the hazards/risks have 
been identified/assessed and controlled adequately (refer to JSA 
No. -- )  
Name______________  Date ____________  At ______ Hrs   
Signature___________ 
Section K: Permit Acceptor - I have read the precautions and 
safety measures mentioned herein and I agree to abide by the 
same. The safeguards have been implemented. Tool box talk 
given to persons working/impacted (refer the list of work 
executors).  
Name______________  Date _________  At _______ Hrs   
Signature___________ 

=== PDF PAGE 57 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 57 of 79 
Section L: Permit Approver – I have personally inspected and 
checked all requirements and approve the permit. 
First Approver Name_____  Date _____  At_____ Hrs   Signature__ 
Second Approver Name____  Date ___  At___ Hrs   Signature___ 
Section M: Area Operator - I have been communicated and 
understood the work to be executed in the area, precautions 
and safety measures to be taken as mentioned herein.  
Name______________  Date __________  At _________ Hrs   
Signature___________ 
Section N: Permit Closure/Cancellation: 
         Job Completed & Housekeeping restored 
 
         Job to be Completed.  
         Please Issue a new Permit 
         Permit is Cancelled and Closed 
         Due to ____________________    
Authority Name Signature Date Time 
Power restored by     
Acceptor     
Area Operator     
Issuer     
Tick all appropriate boxes     √ 
IMPORTANT:      THE PERMIT IS AUTOMATICALLY SUSPENDED IN THE EVENT OF PLANT-WIDE EMERGENCY OR IF THERE ARE 
CHANGES IN WORK SITE CONDITIONS MAKING IT UNSAFE TO CONTINUE WORK. 
Tool Box With WORKER LIST 
 
NAME AGENCY Signature NAME AGENCY Signature 
      
      
      
      
 
PERMIT RENEWAL RECORD 
 
 Date Issuer Accepter Area Operator NDO/SSM 
(After 22:00 
Hrs) 
Approver  
Name & Signature & Time       
Name & Signature & Time       
Name & Signature & Time       
Name & Signature & Time       
 
 
 
 
 

=== PDF PAGE 58 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 58 of 79 
TEMPORARY ELECTRICAL LOTO LIFTING FOR EQUIPMENT TRIAL 
 
 Issuer Name,  Sign & time Accepter Name,  Sign & time Area Operator Name,  Sign & time 
Date:    
Date:    
 
GAS TEST RECORD 
 
GAS METER TYPE:         DATE OF LAST CALIBRATION:     
 
AUTHORIZED GAS TESTERS 
 
NAME FUNCTION SIGNATURE 
   
   
 
 
DATE TIME (hrs) CONCENTRATION OF FLAMMABLE 
GAS, %LEL 
GAS TEST 
LOCATION 
TESTED BY SIGNATURE 
      
 
DATE 
 
TIME (hrs) 
CONCENTRATION OF O2 and TOXIC 
GAS, PPM 
 
GAS TEST 
LOCATION 
 
TESTED 
BY 
 
SIGNATURE 
O2 CO H2S Other ( e.g., 
Cl2, H2, CS2) 
         
         
 
CONFINED SPACE ENTRANCE RECORD 
Equipment Tag No: _________Name of Equipment______________ 
Sr no. Name Time in Signature Time Out Signature 
1      
2      
3      
4      
5      
Note: The permit issuer shall assess the type of confined space and decide the permitted stay time accordingly.  
 

=== PDF PAGE 59 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 59 of 79 
JSA Format 
 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 60 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 60 of 79 
Isolation tags 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 61 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 61 of 79 
                                                                  PTW format for Electrical Wok  
Annexure 
(Permit Format & Safety Precautions) 
   PERMIT VALIDITY: The validity of permit must be extended if work is allowed to be continued after it has expired. 
Section A: TYPE OF PERMIT - ELECTRICAL 
Section B: Job Details                                                                       Work Permit No: 
Plant:   ____________       Area/Location: ________________    SAP Notification: ______________ 
Job Description:  ______________________________________________________________ 
 Equipment Name/ tag No: __________________ Job Execution Agency: ____________________    
Executing Department: ______________   Number of Persons at Work:  __________________ 
Section C: Nature of Work 
`       Work at Height                   Work near Live supply          Hacksaw cutting         Testing / Inspection  
       Painting / letter writing           Soldering          Grinding / Drilling           Welding          Cable jointing                 
   Work on Energized System        Work on De-energized system         Cable laying         Control Wiring                       
Work on LT Feeder         WORK ON HT Feeder           Motor Repair Work           Other________ 
Section D: Tools and Equipment To Be Used 
       Welding Machine          Man Lift                Busbar Bending Tools        Blower            IR tester 
       Crane/ Farana/HEMM                Lifting Tools & tackles                Scaffold             Ladders  
         Grinding/Drilling Set               Hydraulic Tools         Mechanical Hand Tools           Electrical Insulated 
Tools                Others ________ 
Section E: Hazard/Risk Considerations 
         Fire / Flash         Fall from Height        Electrical Shock           Hot Surface                Stored Energy 
       Crush/Cut Injury        Noise Exposure        Dust Exposure       Arc flash                     Slip/Trip                                                     
          Strike by           Awkward Position               Static Charge                      Others _______________ 
Section F: Job/Equipment Preparation 
         Isolation / Switched OFF                Approach Boundary Marked                                                                                    
         Absence of Voltage checked & terminals Discharged          Escape route clear                                                                                                           
         Power / Control Fuse removed                                        Power Cable Disconnected 
         Rigging Plan                                                                         Adequate Ventilation provided 
         Certified Ladder (Sr. No: _________)                              Area Barricaded / Caution Board  

=== PDF PAGE 62 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 62 of 79 
         Height Work Compliance                                                   Lifting Tool/ Sling/ Hook Checked           
         Pre JSA done                                                                         Electrical Portable Tools certified 
         Insulation Mat / floor Coating Available                         Breaker Racked out 
         Scaffolding Compliance                                                     Hot Work Compliance                                                                                    
         Stand-by Person Required: Name:  __________           Others (Please specify):  __________ 
Section G: PPEs and Fire Protection 
         Fire Extinguishers (Type:  ___ No. _____)        Electric shock proof  Shoes              Dust mask                      
         Electrical Insulated Gloves__KV        Ear Plugs        Ear Muffs              safety hand gloves 
          Protective FR suit _Cal/cm2        Safety Goggles             Eye Protection / Arc flash Face shield                 
          Non-contact Voltage tester       Multimeter        Discharge Rod       Rescue Rod       Other_____ 
Section H: Isolation:                Electrical Energy                                                                                            Other Energy Sources 
I certify that the machine / equipment is isolated 
from source of electrical energy by Switching off / 
fuse removal / LOTO  
(Tag no: ________________________________) 
Name________________             
Signature____________             
Date _____/______/_______ At__________ Hrs  
I certify that the machine / equipment is isolated 
from other source of energy (Tag 
no:__________________________) 
Name________________             
Signature____________             
Date _____/______/_______ At __________ Hrs 
Permit Valid From ________ Hrs To _______ Hrs       Date ___________ Unless extended as below 
Permit Extended on Date _____Till ______ Hrs  Name ________        Signature ________________ 
Section I: Permit Issuer - I certify that all the hazards/risks have been identified/assessed and controlled 
adequately & Tool box talk given to persons working/impacted (refer the list of work executors). (refer to P-
JSA No.)  
Name______________  Date ____________  At ______ Hrs   Signature___________ 
IMPORTANT: THE PERMIT SHALL BE APPROVED BY APPROVER-I & APPROVER-II ONLY IN CASE OF WORK ON 
ELECTRICAL SYSTEM ABOVE 500V AC/DC INSIDE ELECTRICAL SAFETY DISCTRICT UNLESS OTHERWISE 
SPECIFIED. 
Section J: Permit Approver 1 – I have personally 
checked & verified all requirements. 
Name_____ Date ___  At ____Hrs Signature____ 
Section K: Permit Approver 2 – I have personally 
checked & verified all requirements. 
Name______ Date __  At __ Hrs   Signature___ 
Section L: Plant Process Shift in-charge - I Agree to release the asset / Equipment for the work specified. 

=== PDF PAGE 63 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 63 of 79 
Name_______________ Date _____________  At ___________ Hrs   Signature________________ 
Section M: Permit Acceptor (L5, L5s, L6) - I have been communicated and understood the work to be 
executed in the area, precautions and safety measures mentioned herein and I agree to abide by the same. 
The safeguards have been implemented.  
Name___________  Date _____________  At ___________ Hrs   Signature____________________ 
Section N: Permit Closure/Cancellation: 
         Job Completed & Housekeeping restored 
         Job is incomplete.  
         Please Issue a new Permit 
         Permit is Cancelled / rejected and Closed 
         Due to ____________________    
Authority Name Signature Date Time 
Acceptor     
Issuer     
Power 
restored by 
    
Tick all appropriate boxes         √ 
IMPORTANT:      THE PERMIT IS AUTOMATICALLY SUSPENDED IN THE EVENT OF PLANT-WIDE EMERGENCY OR IF 
THERE ARE CHANGES IN WORK SITE CONDITIONS MAKING IT UNSAFE TO CONTINUE WORK. 
Tool Box with WORKER LIST 
NAME AGENCY Signature NAME AGENCY Signature 
      
      
      
      
 
 
PERMIT RENEWAL RECORD 
 
 Date Issuer Approver-
1 
Approver-
2 
Accepter Area 
Operator 
Process Shift In-
charge 
Valid till 
Name, Signature 
& Time 
        
Name, Signature 
& Time 
        
 

=== PDF PAGE 64 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 64 of 79 
 
GAS TEST RECORD 
 
GAS METER TYPE:         DATE OF LAST CALIBRATION:     
DATE TIME 
(hrs) 
%LEL GAS TEST 
LOCATION 
TESTED 
BY 
SIGNATURE 
      
      
      
Electrical PTW Proper PPE: 
 
Document Number: GFL/COR/EHSS/2012.00   
  Head, Face, Eyes, Ears Respiratory Body Feet  Hands 
Location/ Activity 
Safety Glasses 
Welding or cutting Goggles 
Chemical Splash Goggles 
Face shield 
Safety helmet 
Hearing Protection 
Half-face (mouth, nose) 
Full-Face (air purifying via 
cartridge) 
Dust Mask 
Full Body protection (Jacket 
/apron (rubber, 
neoprene-suits) 
Fire –Retardant Clothing 
8cal/cm2 OR 
Arc Flash Suit with 
Hood (LV) 8cal/cm2 
Arc Flash Suit with Hood 
(HV) 40cal/cm2 
Fall protection – Safety 
harness 
Gum Boots 
Safety shoes 
Di-electric rubber shoes 
Cut resistance gloves 
Chemical resistant gloves 
 
High voltage gloves 
Low voltage gloves(1.1KV) 
Cotton Gloves (with or W/O 
PVC Dots 
Heat resistant gloves 
LT LOTOTO-ACB ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
LT LOTOTO-MCCB/SFU ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
LT LOTOTO-DOL/SD Starter ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
LT-Power Change Over ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓         
✓     
HT LOTOTO ✓     
  
 ✓             ✓       ✓     
  
 
✓ 
      
HT-Power Change Over ✓        ✓             ✓       ✓       
✓       
Feeder PM ✓     ✓   ✓                     ✓          ✓   
Thermography(LV)  ✓     ✓  ✓           ✓         ✓          ✓    
Current / Voltage measurement 
(LV)  ✓     ✓  ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
Motor PM ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
Transformer/Busduct PM ✓       ✓               ✓     ✓          ✓   
Earthing checking ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
Transformer/Panel reading ✓       ✓                      ✓           ✓   
Light checking & repairing ✓       ✓               ✓     ✓           ✓   
Motor bearing replacement ✓       ✓                      ✓           ✓   
Relay reset ✓       ✓                      ✓          ✓   
SMF-Battery maintenance ✓       ✓                      ✓          ✓   
Ni-Cad Battery Maintenance ✓       ✓                      ✓          ✓   

=== PDF PAGE 65 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 65 of 79 
 
 
 
 
 
Motor LLF ✓       ✓ ✓     ✓             ✓          ✓   
Control Circuit checking ✓        ✓                     ✓          ✓    
  Head, Face, Eyes, Ears Respiratory Body Feet  Hands 
Location/ Activity 
Safety Glasses 
Welding or cutting Goggles 
Chemical Splash Goggles  
  Face shield 
  Safety helmet 
  Hearing Protection 
  Half-face (mouth, nose) 
Full-Face (air purifying via cartridge) 
Dust Mask  
Full Body protection (Jacket /apron 
(rubber, neoprene-suits)  
Arc Flash Suit with Hood (LV) 
Arc Flash Suit with Hood (HV) 
Fall protection – Safety harness 
Gum Boots 
Safety shoes  
Di-electric rubber shoes 
Cut resistance gloves 
Chemical resistant gloves 
 
High voltage gloves 
Low voltage gloves(1.1KV) 
Cotton Gloves (with or W/O PVC 
Dots 
Heat resistant gloves 
UPS/DCDB/Battery Charger PM ✓       ✓       ✓             ✓          ✓   
ACB/MCCB Isolation ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
SFU Maintenance (@ Live 
panel) ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
Motor Greasing ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
Panel Busbar 
removal/Installation ✓       ✓                     ✓ ✓            
Heater Maintenance ✓       ✓       ✓       ✓     ✓          ✓   
AC Maintenance ✓       ✓       ✓       ✓     ✓          ✓   
Panel Shifting & Erection ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
Cable Tray Installation ✓       ✓               ✓     ✓          ✓   
Cable Laying/Dressing Work ✓       ✓               ✓     ✓          ✓   
Temporary Power Connection ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
CA/Rectifier Current 
measurement ✓     ✓ ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
CA/Harmonic filter bank 
maintenance ✓       ✓               ✓     ✓      ✓       
CA/Polarization Rectifier 
Maintenance ✓       ✓           ✓         ✓        ✓     
CA/ DC Isolator 
Maintenance ✓       ✓                     ✓          ✓   
R125 HF /Electrical Job ✓   ✓   ✓     ✓   ✓           ✓   ✓    ✓     
CPP/66kV Line Isolation ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓      ✓       
CPP/Isolator or Earth 
switch operation ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓      ✓       
CPP/66Kv SF6 CB 
Operation ✓       ✓             ✓       ✓      ✓       
CPP/66Kv bay 
maintenance  ✓       ✓       ✓             ✓          ✓   
CPP/Generator PM ✓       ✓       ✓             ✓          ✓   
CPP/ESP Field Discharge ✓       ✓                     ✓      ✓       

=== PDF PAGE 66 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 66 of 79 
PERMIT MATRIX FORMAT:      Department/Plant: __________ Date___/___/______ 
  
Department RESPONSIBILITY 
COLD 
WORK 
PERMIT 
HOT WORK 
PERMIT/ 
CONFINED 
SPACE 
PERMIT/ WORK AT 
HIGHT PERMIT 
  
RADIOGRAPHY EXCAVATION LINE 
BREAKING 
PRODUCTION ISSUER 
          
          
          
MECHANICAL ACCEPTOR 
          
          
          
ELECTRICAL ACCEPTOR 
          
          
          
INSTRUMENT ACCEPTOR 
          
          
          
CIVIL ACCEPTOR           
          
SAFETY DISTRIC 
OWNER 
Permit Approver I           
Permit Approver II            
Gas testers 
            
            
            
HSEF Head Signature: _________________      Name: _____________________   Date: ____/______/______ 
HOD Signature (For issuer, acceptor, gas tester): __________     Name: _____________   Date: __/__/____ 
Site Head (Only for Approver I & II Sign): _______________Date_______/________/_____ 
  
       
PLANT NAME___________________________TRAINING RECORD 
FUNCTION NAME TRAINING DATE RETRAINING REQUIREDE DATE 
ISSUER 
      
      
      
ACCEPTOR 
      
      
      
Gas testers 
  
      
      
      
       
HOD Signature __________     Name: __________________   Date: _______/_______/________ 
 

=== PDF PAGE 67 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 67 of 79 
Emergency rescue plan for Confined space 
 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 68 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 68 of 79 
List of all routine and non-routine activities 
 
 
Signature of HOD: -  
Safety district map Dahej Site 


=== PDF PAGE 69 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 69 of 79 
 
Procedure for Safety District Owner  


=== PDF PAGE 70 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 70 of 79 
 


=== PDF PAGE 71 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 71 of 79 
 


=== PDF PAGE 72 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 72 of 79 
 
 
 
 
 
 


=== PDF PAGE 73 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 73 of 79 
14. Frequently asked Question and Answer: -  
1. What is the primary purpose of the Permit to Work (PTW) system? 
a) To ensure work is completed quickly 
b) To align with corporate standards and statutory requirements 
c) To reduce paperwork 
d) To increase production efficiency 
2. Who is responsible for writing the permit and JSA in their safety district? 
a) Permit Acceptor + Permit Issuer 
b) Permit Holder+ Unit Head 
c) Permit Issuer+ Approver 
d) Unit Head + Approver 
3. What must be confirmed by the Permit Issuer before authorizing work to proceed? 
a) Availability of tools 
b) Correct identification of hazards and adequacy of controls 
c) Number of workers 
d) Duration of the work 
4. Which document must be prepared by the team before completing the PTW? 
a) Safety Data Sheet (SDS) 
b) Job Safety Analysis (JSA) 
c) Risk rating 
d) Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) 
5. What is the validity period for a Cold Work Permit? 
a) 24 hours 
b) 7 days 
c) 8 hours or shift end, whichever is earlier 
d) 1 month 
6. What must be done if the work conditions change during the course of an activity under permit? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Refer back to the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Stop work immediately 
7. What is required for any maintenance, installation, and repair work on electrical equipment? 
a) Hot Work Permit 
b) Cold Work Permit 
c) Electrical Work Permit 
d) Confined Space Entry Permit 
8. Who is responsible for carrying out gas tests before and during jobs? 
a) Permit Holder 

=== PDF PAGE 74 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 74 of 79 
b) Permit Acceptor 
c) Gas Tester 
d) Area Operator 
9. What must be done before starting hot work in a hazardous area? 
a) Conduct a toolbox talk 
b) Ensure the area is free from hydrocarbon 
c) Conduct a gas test using a calibrated gas test meter 
d) Inform the Unit Head 
10. What is the role of a Fire Watch/Sta during hot work? 
a) To oversee any probability of fire and ensure safety for 30 minutes after job completion 
b) To issue permits 
c) To conduct gas tests 
d) To approve the permit 
11. What must be done if a permit needs to be extended beyond its initial validity? 
a) Issue a new permit 
b) Revalidate and sign by the next shift engineer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Continue working without revalidation 
12. What is the minimum depth for which an excavation permit is required? 
a) 10 cm 
b) 30 cm 
c) 50 cm 
d) 1 meter 
13. Who must be informed if there is an emergency in the area during permitted work? 
a) Permit Holder 
b) Permit Issuer 
c) Area Operator 
d) Unit Head 
14. What is the purpose of a Job Safety Analysis (JSA)? 
a) To identify potential hazards and suggest control measures 
b) To increase production efficiency 
c) To reduce paperwork 
d) To train new employees 
15. What must be done if a permit is lost? 
a) Issue a new permit 
b) Use a duplicate copy from the permit issuer's copy 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Continue working without a permit 

=== PDF PAGE 75 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 75 of 79 
16. Who is responsible for ensuring that the work location has all necessary safeguards available? 
a) Permit Holder 
b) Permit Acceptor 
c) Area Operator 
d) Unit Head 
17. What must be done before entering a confined space? 
a) Conduct a toolbox talk 
b) Ensure the area is free from hydrocarbon 
c) Conduct a gas test and ensure the space is safe 
d) Inform the Unit Head 
18. What is the role of the Permit Acceptor? 
a) To issue permits 
b) To execute the work in full compliance with the permit requirements 
c) To conduct gas tests 
d) To approve the permit 
19. What must be done if there is any abnormality found during the work? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Stop work immediately and inform to the permit issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
20. What is the role of the Permit Holder? 
a) To issue permits 
b) To execute the work in full compliance with the permit requirements 
c) To conduct gas tests 
d) To approve the permit 
21. What is the role of the Area Operator in the PTW system? 
a) Issuing permits 
b) Ensuring the work location has all necessary safeguards 
c) Conducting gas tests 
d) Approving permits 
22. What must be done if the Permit Issuer delegates their authority during a period of absence? 
a) Inform the Unit Head 
b) Notify the custodian 
c) Issue a new permit 
d) Continue working without delegation 
23. What is the purpose of a toolbox talk? 
a) To increase production efficiency 
b) To reduce paperwork 

=== PDF PAGE 76 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 76 of 79 
c) To ensure all team members understand the hazards and controls 
d) To train new employees 
24. Who is responsible for signing and accepting the permit? 
a) Permit Issuer 
b) Permit Acceptor 
c) Permit Holder 
d) Area Operator 
25. What must be done if there is a potential release of flammable gas or vapor in the vicinity of hot 
work? 
a) Stop working 
b) Monitor the atmosphere using continuous gas monitors 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
26. What is the minimum oxygen concentration required for entry into a confined space? 
a) 18% 
b) 19.5% 
c) 20% 
d) 21% 
27. What must be done before starting any work involving the opening-up of equipment? 
a) Conduct a toolbox talk 
b) First Follow the LOTO Procedure 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a gas test 
28. What is the role of the Authorized Toxic Gas/Oxygen Level Tester? 
a) Issuing permits 
b) Conducting gas tests and ensuring safety 
c) Approving permits 
d) Executing the work 
29. What must be done if a valve is found to be passing during isolation? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Adopt appropriate measures such as tale blinding/additional valves 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
30. What is the purpose of the Permit Matrix? 
a) To list authorized persons for issuing, accepting, and approving permits 
b) To increase production efficiency 
c) To reduce paperwork 
d) To train new employees 

=== PDF PAGE 77 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 77 of 79 
31. What must be done if the work site is not safe for the work to proceed? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Stop work immediately and inform the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
32. What is the role of the Permit Approver? 
a) Issuing permits 
b) Ensuring hazards are evaluated and controls are provided 
c) Conducting gas tests 
d) Executing the work 
33. What must be done if there is a change in weather conditions during permitted work? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Refer back to the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
34. What must be done before entering an excavation of depth more than 1.2 meters? 
a) Conduct a toolbox talk 
b) Ensure it is treated as a confined space and obtain a permit 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a gas test 
35. What must be done if the specified equipment or tools are not available during the course of an 
activity under permit? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Refer back to the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
36. What must be done if there is an emergency in the nearby area during permitted work? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Stop work and refer back to the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
37. What must be done if there is a change in the type and nature of work during permitted work? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Refer back to the Permit Issuer 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
38. What is required for any work involving the use of mobile X-ray/radiography equipment? 
a) Cold Work Permit 

=== PDF PAGE 78 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 78 of 79 
b) Hot Work Permit 
c) Electrical Work Permit 
d) Confined Space Entry Permit 
39. What must be done if there is a potential for gas generation due to the nature of work being 
performed inside a confined space? 
a) Conduct a toolbox talk 
b) Carry out regular gas tests 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a gas test 
40. What must be done if there is a potential for flammable gas or vapor emission within 15 meters 
of the work site? 
a) Continue working as planned 
b) Render the source safe by sealing 
c) Inform the Unit Head 
d) Conduct a toolbox talk 
41. What must be done if there is a potential for hot material escaping during work? 
a) Allow the material to cool before draining 
42. What to do if any plant wants to deviate PTW standard GFL Dahej site procedure for doing any 
job. 
a) Fill the deviation form given in PTW standard and take approval from Unit head. 
43. Where we can find soft copy of all the standard? 
a) LINK:- https://gflteams.sharepoint.com/sites/GFL-
HSE/Shared%20Documents/Forms/AllItems.aspx 
44. When to fill the checklist in PTW. (PTW for Height work, hot work, confined space etc..) 
a) In PTW format “Word compliance” required additional checklist.  
45. What is the format number of PTW? 
a) HSE/SAF/02 
46. What is the format number of JSA? 
a) HSE/SAF/F/05 
47. How to ensure employee has attain PTW standard training? 
a) Training data available with HR department.  
48. SRP full form? 
a) Standard rules and procedure.  
49. How to ensure medical checkup record  
a) Record available with HSE department.  
50. Hot work permit approver during C shift. 
a) Approver II , in absence of Approver II NDO will sign after getting request mail from 
Approver II. 

=== PDF PAGE 79 ===
 
 
 
 
GUJARAT FLUOROCHEMICALS LIMITED 
Dahej Site 
 
 
Title: Site Procedure for Permit to Work (PTW) 
Document Number:    HSE/SAF/P/01 
Issue Date      : 01.11.2023                 
Revision Date: 01.04.2026 Rev No :03      
Page No          : Page 79 of 79 
Answer Key: -  
Que.No Answer Que.No Answer Que.No Answer Que.No Answer 
1 b 11 b 21 b 31 b 
2 a, c 12 b 22 b 32 b 
3 c 13 b 23 c 33 b 
4 b 14 a 24 b 34 b 
5 c 15 b 25 a 35 b 
6 b 16 c 26 b 36 b 
7 c 17 c 27 b 37 b 
8 c 18 b 28 b 38 b 
9 c 19 b 29 b 39 b 
10 a 20 b 30 a 40 b 
 
 